<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>

<!DOCTYPE TEI.2 SYSTEM "http://www.gutenberg.org/tei/marcello/0.4/dtd/pgtei.dtd" [

<!ENTITY u5  "http://www.tei-c.org/Lite/">

]>

<TEI.2 lang="en">
<teiHeader>
  <fileDesc>
    <titleStmt>
      <title>The Short Constitution</title>
      <author><name reg="Wade, Martin J.">Martin J. Wade</name></author>
      <author><name reg="Russell, William F.">William F. Russell</name></author>
    </titleStmt>
    <editionStmt>
      <edition n="3">Edition 3</edition>
    </editionStmt>
    <publicationStmt>
      <publisher>Project Gutenberg</publisher>
      <date>January 3, 2011</date>
      <idno type="etext-no">34839</idno>
      <availability>
        <p>This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and
        with almost no restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it
        away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg
        License online at www.gutenberg.org/license</p>
      </availability>
    </publicationStmt>
    <sourceDesc>
      <bibl>
        Created electronically.
      </bibl>
    </sourceDesc>
  </fileDesc>
  <encodingDesc>
  </encodingDesc>
  <profileDesc>
    <langUsage>
      <language id="en"></language>
    </langUsage>
  </profileDesc>
  <revisionDesc>
    <change>
      <date value="2011-01-03">January 3, 2011</date>
      <respStmt>
        <name>
            Produced by Bryan Ness, David King, and the Online
            Distributed Proofreading Team at &lt;http://www.pgdp.net/&gt;.
            (This book was produced from scanned images of public domain
            material from the Google Print project.)
        </name>
      </respStmt>
      <item>Project Gutenberg TEI edition 1</item>
    </change>
  </revisionDesc>
</teiHeader>

<pgExtensions>
  <pgStyleSheet>
    .boxed           { x-class: boxed }
    .shaded          { x-class: shaded }
    .rules           { x-class: rules; rules: all }
    .indent          { margin-left: 2 }
    .bold            { font-weight: bold }
    .italic          { font-style: italic }
    .smallcaps       { font-variant: small-caps }
  </pgStyleSheet>

  <pgCharMap formats="txt.iso-8859-1">
    <char id="U0x2014">
      <charName>mdash</charName>
      <desc>EM DASH</desc>
      <mapping>--</mapping>
    </char>
    <char id="U0x2003">
      <charName>emsp</charName>
      <desc>EM SPACE</desc>
      <mapping>  </mapping>
    </char>
    <char id="U0x2026">
      <charName>hellip</charName>
      <desc>HORIZONTAL ELLIPSIS</desc>
      <mapping>...</mapping>
    </char>
  </pgCharMap>
</pgExtensions>

<text lang="en">
  <front>
    <div>
      <divGen type="pgheader" />
    </div>
    <div>
      <divGen type="encodingDesc" />
    </div>

    <div rend="page-break-before: always">
      <p rend="font-size: xx-large; text-align: center">The Short Constitution</p>
      <p rend="font-size: large; text-align: center">Elementary Americanism Series</p>
      <p rend="text-align: center">Being a Consideration of the
Constitution of the United States, With Particular Reference to the Guaranties of Life,
Liberty, and Property Contained Therein, Sometimes Designated The Bill Of Rights</p>
      <p rend="text-align: center">By</p>
      <p rend="font-size: x-large; text-align: center">Martin J. Wade</p>
      <p rend="text-align: center">Judge of the United States District Court</p>
      <p rend="text-align: center">And</p>
      <p rend="font-size: x-large; text-align: center">William F. Russell</p>
      <p rend="text-align: center">Dean of the College of Education, University of Iowa</p>
      <p rend="text-align: center">Annotations By</p>
      <p rend="font-size: x-large; text-align: center">Charles H. Meyerholz</p>
      <p rend="text-align: center">Professor of Social Science, Iowa State Teachers College</p>
      <p rend="text-align: center">Third and Revised Edition</p>
      <p rend="text-align: center">American Citizen Publishing Co.</p>
      <p rend="text-align: center">Iowa City</p>
      <p rend="text-align: center">Copyright, 1920, 1921</p>
    </div>
    <div rend="page-break-before: always">
      <head>Contents</head>
      <divGen type="toc" />
    </div>

  </front>
<body>

<pb n='003'/><anchor id='Pg003'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>

<p>
What Has America
Done For Me And
For My Children?
</p>

<p>
This question may not be
spoken, but it is in the
hearts of millions of
Americans to-day.
</p>

<p>
All those who attempt
to teach Americanism to
foreigners, <emph>and to Americans</emph>,
must be prepared <emph>to answer
this question</emph>. <emph>It can only be
answered</emph> by teaching the individual
guaranties of the Constitution of
the United States, and of the States,
which protect life and liberty and
property.
</p>

<p>
<emph>It can only be answered</emph> by convincing
the people that this is a
land of justice and of opportunity
for all; that if there be abuses,
they are due not to our form of
government, but that the people
are themselves to blame, because of
<pb n='004'/><anchor id='Pg004'/>
their ignorance of their rights, their
failure to realize their power, and
their neglect of those duties which
citizenship imposes.
</p>

<p>
All over the land earnest men and
women are endeavoring to teach
the great truths of Americanism,
and with substantial success; but
those who understand human
nature realize that the faith of our
fathers can only be firmly established
by lighting the fires of
patriotism and loyalty in the hearts
of our children. Through them the
great truths of our National life
can be brought into the homes of
the land.
</p>

<p>
And the Nation will never be safe
until the Constitution is carried
into the homes, until at every fireside
young and old shall feel a new
sense of security in the guaranties
which are found in this great charter
of human liberty, and a new feeling
of gratitude for the blessings which
it assures to this, and to all future
generations.
</p>

</div>

<pb n='007'/><anchor id='Pg007'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>About The Authors</head>

<p>
For a work designed to promote education in the
spirit of American citizenship it would be difficult to
imagine a more competent authorship than that which
has been provided for <q>The Short Constitution</q>. Either of the
writers alone would have produced a book of high standing
in this field; the collaboration of the two makes it a remarkable
production in its adaptation to the subject for home
reading, the study club, and the school curriculum. It is
unique, and has justly been termed <q>the first real attempt to
popularize Constitutional law.</q>
</p>

<p>
Federal Judge Martin J. Wade has had a varied contact
with people in his long experience as practicing attorney, district
judge, member of Congress, and Judge of the United
States Court. A well known Iowa publicist, he has gained
nation wide fame as a public speaker and writer on Americanization
and citizenship topics, basing his themes on first-hand
experiences with conditions which have produced much unrest
throughout the Nation. As a member of the State
Council of National Defense during the World War, and as
presiding judge at the trial of many obstructionists in that
period, he conceived the idea of the need for a school of
Americanism, to teach what our country has done for its
citizens. Clearness and eloquence mark his public addresses,
and have enriched the arguments and illustrations of this
first book of the <q>Elementary Americanism Series</q>.
</p>

<p>
Dean William F. Russell was the educational adviser sent
with a group of experts by appointment of the President of
the United States to advise disorganized Russia during the
latter part of the World War; and also one of the five members
of the China Educational Commission of North America,
sent to China in 1921. His course of study in American
<pb n='008'/><anchor id='Pg008'/>
citizenship, written at the request of the National Masonic
Research Society for use throughout the United States, was
inspired by the observation that the government in Russia,
in contrast with our own, was an agency that took money
for its coffers and boys for its armies and gave nothing in
return. In addition to his work as Dean of the College of
Education of the State University of Iowa, and his record as
a widely-known lecturer on educational topics, he has found
time to write school texts notable for accurate and concise
statement, adapted to arousing and sustaining interest in the
student mind.
</p>

<p>
The authors have done more than present the facts about
the Constitution of the United States, with particular emphasis
on its personal guaranties. They have vitalized a
topic generally thought to be dry and technical. They have
succeeded in making the Constitution seem to be what it is,
a factor of first importance in the daily life of the average
citizen. It is not too much to say that the seed of this book
should be planted in every home in America.
</p>

<p>
The admirable work of annotation by Professor Chas. H.
Meyerholz, Professor of Social Science in the Iowa State
Teachers College, gives much additional material for elementary
and advanced study. Professor Meyerholz is well known
as an authoritative teacher, writer, and lecturer on subjects
pertaining to government, and has done much valuable
Americanization work.
</p>

<p>
The elementary and advanced questions at the end of each
chapter will serve as a guide to all teachers and leaders of
study classes. The text of the Declaration of Independence
and the Constitution of the United States, with the original
capitalization and punctuation preserved, and an abridgement
of a State Constitution, printed at the end of the book,
are valuable for reference.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='smallcaps'>The Publisher</hi>
</p>

</div>

<pb n='009'/><anchor id='Pg009'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>Preface</head>

<p>
<q>The Short Constitution</q> is one of a series of
volumes entitled <q>Elementary Americanism</q>, intended
for use in the home, the club, the school, and
in general Americanization work.
</p>

<p>
It is our hope that regular courses in <q>Americanism</q> will
soon be established in all schools, colleges, and universities.
</p>

<p>
We use the term <q>Americanism</q> because we feel that it
signifies something broader, deeper, and more appealing than
any title now used in the schools in the teaching of American
government, or citizenship, or the rights and duties of the
citizens of the United States.
</p>

<p>
We like the term <q>America</q> better than <q>the United
States</q>. <q>The United States</q> suggests boundaries, codes,
and constitutions. <q>America</q> suggests all these and then it
suggests <emph>spirit</emph>. There <emph>is</emph> such a thing as <q>Americanism</q>. It
includes all there is of information relating to our country;
but it also has a soul <q>Americanism</q> relates to democracy,
into which enter all the ideals, all the impulses and emotions
of men, women, and children. <q>Americanism</q> teaches not
only the relation of the States to the National government,
and the relation of citizens to both the State and the National
government, but it also teaches the relation of men,
women, and children to each other.
</p>

<p>
This is a government by the people, and therefore we must
understand the people in order that we, the people, may govern.
</p>

<p>
To arouse patriotism and loyalty we must do more than
develop the powers of the mind, do more than expand the
field of knowledge. We must inspire in the heart faith, confidence,
and love. Men must not only learn how to govern,
but they must learn how to be governed. We must not only
learn to command, but also to obey. Our spirits must be so
<pb n='010'/><anchor id='Pg010'/>
molded that we can submit to duly constituted authority,
submission to which is the most lofty expression of American
patriotism.
</p>

<p>
Submission to authority in America is submission to law,
for no man in this country has any authority to command or
direct a fellowman, except as the law made by the people
vests him with such authority.
</p>

<p>
To inspire devotion to our country we must arouse in the
hearts of our people a sense of gratitude for the blessings
which come to us because we live in free America, gratitude
for the rights and liberties which we possess, which are protected
by the guaranties of a written Constitution adopted by
the people themselves.
</p>

<p>
There is only one way in which the average person may
be brought to see what America has done for him, and that
is by contrasting the rights, privileges, and opportunities
which he has with those possessed by others in the same walk
of life before the Constitution became the bulwark of the people
against injustice and wrong.
</p>

<p>
The aim of <q>The Short Constitution</q> is to present, in a
form as simple as possible, a definite knowledge of all the
personal guaranties of the Constitution, with an explanation
of what they mean, and what they have done in the advancement
of human happiness; and a brief explanation of
the machinery of government provided by the Constitution.
</p>

<p>
Everyone who understands human nature will admit that
to mold the spirit, to inspire faith, and to excite gratitude
training must begin in childhood. The child must learn:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
(a) What authority means.
</p>

<p>
(b) The source of authority.
</p>

<p>
(c) In whom authority rests: in the parent, in the teacher,
and in public officers selected by the people to enforce
the authority of the community, the State, and of
the Nation.
</p>

<pb n='011'/><anchor id='Pg011'/>

<p>
(d) How the authority of the people, the community, the
State, and the Nation is expressed through laws which
are nothing but rules of human conduct.
</p>

<p>
(e) How we should respect authority and submit to
authority.
</p>

<p>
(f) How and by whom those who will not yield obedience
to authority out of respect will be compelled to obey
by punishment.
</p>
</quote>

<p>
We have adopted a new method of presenting this subject.
In this country authority is largely administered
through the courts. Judges of the courts construe the Constitution
and the laws; and, generally with the aid of a jury,
determine rights and wrongs, and enforce justice through
their judgments and decrees.
</p>

<p>
We therefore feel that the subject <q>Americanism</q>, presented
through the spoken word of a judge, will better gain
and hold the attention of the pupil than in any other way.
We have the teacher invite Judge Garland to deliver a series
of <q>Talks</q> to the pupils, which are herein presented. By
this direct method greater freedom of expression is permitted
and with the aid of notes greater brevity is possible. In these
<q>Talks</q> considerable apparent repetition will appear. This is
essential to thorough understanding. Without reiteration it
is impossible to accomplish our purpose which is not only to
enlighten, but to inspire.
</p>

<p>
Our endeavor is to present the subject not from the standpoint
of the government, but from the standpoint of the
people. The <emph>rights of the people</emph> are of first importance in a
Nation where men, women, and children are free. The State
and the Nation have no rights except those given them by the
people. Strictly speaking the Nation and the States have no
<q>rights</q> but only the duty to exercise certain powers in the
protection of the liberties of the people.
</p>

<pb n='012'/><anchor id='Pg012'/>

<p>
In America the rights of the people are supreme. The
state exists for man, not man for the state.
</p>

<p>
To gain substantial results we must rely largely upon the
industry and enthusiasm of the instructors. We are sure they
will realize that in the <q>upbuilding of the spirit</q> a proper atmosphere
must be created and maintained. Doctor Steiner
wisely said, <q>Religion cannot be taught, it must be caught</q>.
In other words religion is of the spirit; so is patriotism. <emph>Always
bear in mind that in presenting the Constitution we
are teaching human rights under the Constitution.</emph>
</p>

<p>
It is more than a century since the Constitution was ratified,
and, so far as we have knowledge, this is the first direct
attempt to translate its guaranties into the language of the ordinary
man, woman, and child. We demand respect for, and
loyalty to the Constitution, but the truth is that the ordinary
citizen has no knowledge of the relation of the Constitution
to his life or to the life of his children.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='smallcaps'>The Authors</hi>
</p>

</div>

<pb n='013'/><anchor id='Pg013'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>I. The Judge's First Talk</head>
<head type='sub'>Reasons For The Study Of The Constitution Of The
United States</head>

<p>
For several days there had been an air of expectancy about
the school. At Monday's assembly the teacher had announced
that she had persuaded Judge Garland to come to
talk to the teachers and pupils about the Constitution of their
country and about the law, the rights, the powers, and the
duties of the people. A real live judge was coming! Most of
the children had never seen a judge. The word inspired a
sort of dread. They had read of men being sentenced to
prison. They expected to see a fierce, hard-hearted man.
Some of the younger children had wondered if it would be
possible to stay away from the assembly room when the
judge was there, but the teacher said that everyone should
be present. So important was the subject that the teachers
were to be there, too; and many fathers and mothers that
could spare the time were also invited. The principal had
said that he would not miss a meeting.
</p>

<p>
So when Friday came the assembly room was crowded.
All the pupils and teachers were there, and in the rear of
the room were a few of the parents. The door opened and
the principal of the school entered. By his side was a man
whose gray hair and serious countenance told of years of
responsibility. He did not appear <q>fierce</q>. Rather his
face was kind and his eyes twinkled as he ascended the platform
and stood looking out over the faces before him.
</p>

<p>
The principal introduced Judge Garland who bowed and
began his series of talks to the children.
</p>

<p>
Well my friends, I am glad to see you. I am delighted to be
<pb n='014'/><anchor id='Pg014'/>
back in a school room again. It is many years ago, though
it seems but a short time, since as a schoolboy I sat in a
school room like this, among boys and girls like you. I suppose
that I studied about as you study, and did not recite
any better than you recite. I thought I had to work very
hard, and I remember that I often looked out of the open
window of the school room when the summer sun was warm,
and I thought I could hear the trees, the grass, the stream,
and even the fish calling me to quit study and come out to
joy and freedom. I know it was a real temptation. I could
have had a good time, but I have often been glad since that
I obeyed my teacher, my parents, and the law, and continued
my studies in school. I am glad, because I now realize how
much easier, how much happier, and how much more useful
my life has been because I did not listen to the voice of temptation
which called me from work to play.<note place='foot'><p>Boys and
girls often do not realize the value of an education as
a preparation for success in life. The following figures from an educational
authority show what education does for a boy or a girl.
</p>
<p>
(a) Less than three per cent of the people of the United States have
a college education, but this three per cent furnishes fifty-nine per cent
of the men and women called successful. Fourteen per cent come from
those having had some college training. This shows that nearly three-fourths
of all men and women in the United States called successful
have had some college training.
</p>
<p>
(b) During the past ten years Massachusetts has given all her children
a minimum of seven years of schooling, while Tennessee has given
her children but three years. The Massachusetts citizens produce per
capita $260 per year, while the Tennessee citizens produce per capita
$116 per year.
</p>
<p>
(c) Of the fifty-five members attending the Federal convention that
made the Constitution of the United States in 1787, thirty had attended
college, and twenty-six had college degrees. Of the forty State officers
in Iowa in 1918, thirty were college graduates, seven were graduates of
high schools, and only three had less than a high school education.
</p>
<p>
(d) The child with no schooling has one chance in 150,000 of performing
distinguished services; with elementary education he has four
times the chance; with high school education he has eighty-seven times
the chance; with college education he has eight hundred times the chance.
</p>
<p>
(e) Every boy and every girl should stick to his school work until he
at least graduates from a fully accredited high school.
</p></note>
</p>

<p>
Since those pleasant school days I have seen much of
human life. On the bench now for over twenty-five years,
I have been compelled to deal with all sorts of people, even
the little children who early in life sometimes drift from the
path of right to ways of wickedness. I have served as judge
of the Juvenile Court, and judge of the court in which the
worst criminals are tried. I have heard the cases of thousands
of persons on trial for crimes, men and women, young and
old. I have sent hundreds to prison, and I have been compelled
to sentence some to death.
</p>

<p>
In this experience, I have learned something of how easy
it is, unless we are on our guard, to sin against the laws of
our country, and against the laws of God. I have observed
that the average person does not fully appreciate the value of
liberty until he is about to lose it.<note place='foot'><p><q>Law
can do nothing without morals.</q>&mdash;Benjamin Franklin.
</p>
<p>
<q>Through the whole of life and the whole system of duties, much the
strongest moral obligations are such as were never the results of our
option.</q>&mdash;Edmund Burke.
</p>
<p>
<q>To do evil that good may come of it, is for the bungler in politics
as well as in morals.</q>&mdash;Benjamin Franklin.
</p>
<p>
<q>Duty is not collective; it is personal.</q>&mdash;Calvin Coolidge.
</p></note>
</p>

<p>
I also know that most people do not know the worth of the
protection which our Constitution gives to each one of us,
until someone is about to take away their right to life, or to
<pb n='015'/><anchor id='Pg015'/>
liberty, or to property; and then they cry out for help. If
they are right in their appeal, they always find help in the
Constitution and in the law of the land. Yet it is true that
there is much real ignorance about our country, our Constitution,
and our laws. There is even much ignorance of these
things among people who are supposed to be well educated.
</p>

<p>
So I was pleased when your teacher came to me the other
day asking me to come to your school a couple of times a
week, to talk to you about our country, our Constitution, and
our laws. I am happy to be able to comply with her request. It
is a difficult subject for children, yet children must study these
things, and learn them. There is no more important subject.<note place='foot'><p><q>Ignorance
of the law excuses no man.</q>&mdash;Selected.
</p>
<p>
<q>Knowledge is in every country the surest basis of public happiness.</q>&mdash;George
Washington.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
One of the chief objects of furnishing free education to
children, rich and poor, is to make of them good law-abiding
citizens; citizens who know what authority is; citizens who
will obey the voice of authority; citizens who realize that
authority in this country rests in the people themselves; citizens,
men and women, who realize that they owe a duty to
their country and their fellowmen to do all they can to
keep America the most free and the most just country in
the world.<note place='foot'><p><q>The thorough education of all classes of people is the most
efficacious means of promoting the prosperity of the Nation. The material
interests of its citizens, as well as their moral and intellectual culture,
depend upon its accomplishment.</q>&mdash;Robert E. Lee.
</p>
<p>
<q>In a Republic education is indispensable. A Republic without education
is like the creature of imagination, a human being without a soul,
living and moving blindly, with no just sense of the present or the future.</q>&mdash;Charles
Sumner.
</p>
<p>
<q>Without popular education, no government which rests upon popular
action can long endure. The people must be schooled in the knowledge,
and if possible in the virtues, upon which the maintenance and success
of free institutions depend.</q>&mdash;Woodrow Wilson.
</p></note>
</p>

<p>
No American child should leave school without a full
knowledge of the government of our country; nor until he
has in his heart loyal devotion to America, and to the Stars
and Stripes, the emblem of the free.
</p>

<p>
Of course I do not expect you to learn all there is to be
known about your government. However I do expect you
to know the great fundamental truths which after all are
very simple and easily understood.
</p>

<p>
I am not endeavoring to make lawyers. I am not trying
to train you to become lawyers. You know nearly all the
children in the American schools have to learn something
about physiology and hygiene, but not in order to become
doctors. They study physiology and hygiene in order to
<pb n='016'/><anchor id='Pg016'/>
understand the ordinary rules of health, so that they may
protect themselves as far as possible against disease and take
care of their bodies intelligently. Of course sickness will
come. Then you must call the doctor.
</p>

<p>
Well, so it is in this course. I want you to know enough
about your government, your Constitution, and your laws&mdash;because
these things are yours&mdash;so that you, as members of
this great society called America, will be able to understand
your rights and duties, your privileges, your opportunities,
and your obligations. Sometime in your life your problem
may become so difficult, or your rights may become so endangered,
that you will have to call upon a lawyer, just as
when illness comes you call upon your physician.<note place='foot'><q>Where
the State has bestowed education, the man who accepts
it must be content to accept it merely as charity, unless he returns it
to the State in full in the shape of good citizenship.</q>&mdash;Theodore
Roosevelt.</note>
</p>

<p>
No one knows anything of real worth about his country
until he knows its Constitution. No one can have in his heart
a full measure of gratitude for the blessings of living in a free
country, until he knows of how fully the Constitution guards
every right and privilege which we hold dear. So we shall
enter upon the study of the Constitution of our country.
</p>

<p>
But in order that you may better understand the Constitution
of your country, in order that you may better study
the problems which will be presented to you in this course,
it is necessary for you to understand something, in a general
way at least, of four separate things&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Government</hi>,
<hi rend='italic'>Liberty</hi>,
<hi rend='italic'>Authority</hi>, and <hi rend='italic'>Law</hi>.
So before talking to you of the Constitution,
I shall talk to you on these subjects.<note place='foot'><p><q><hi rend='italic'>Government</hi>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Liberty</hi>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Authority</hi>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Law</hi>&mdash;the man or the woman
who fails to appreciate the true meaning of these terms, lacks the training
necessary to be a good citizen in a Republic.</q>&mdash;Abraham Lincoln.
</p>
<p>
<q>We need more of the office desk and less of the show-window in
politics. Let men in office substitute the midnight oil for the lime-light.</q>&mdash;Calvin
Coolidge.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
I know it will not be easy for you at first to understand
some of the words and expressions which it is necessary for
me to use. It will be necessary for me to repeat to some extent,
from time to time, but I feel satisfied that if we will
work together in the right spirit, you will find the matter interesting;
and I am sure that the great truths, the great principles
of life, conduct, and action will soon become clear to
your minds.
</p>

<pb n='017'/><anchor id='Pg017'/>

<p>
The important thing to realize at all times is that we are
not talking about something away off in which we have slight
interest, but that we are talking of things which are ours,
which affect every one of us, not in the future, but now.
</p>

<p>
I can recall a number of faces of men who have been before
my court charged with crimes, who in childhood were
sitting where you are sitting to-day. I have sentenced some
of them to long terms of years in the penitentiary. I was
compelled to take away from them their liberty, because they
had shown themselves unworthy, and had shown themselves
rebels against the authority of their country.
</p>

<p>
On the other hand, I recall those who came into court
seeking protection of their rights against wrongdoers&mdash;against
those who would take away their property, the earnings
perhaps of a lifetime; and in court they found protection,
justice, and right. But in administering justice and
right, the court was only applying the principles of the Constitution
of our country which we are about to study.
</p>

<p>
So let us enter upon this work with a determination to
succeed in our undertaking. You know that has a great deal to
do with our success in life&mdash;a determination to succeed.
</p>

<p>
When you boys take your baseball team to play the team
of some other school, you start for the baseball park determined
to win the game; and, if you keep up this spirit, you
probably will win the game. In any event, you play a real
game of which your friends are proud. That is the way to
meet all the problems of life, whether in the school room, or
out in the world after you have entered upon the great
battles of life.
</p>

<pb n='018'/><anchor id='Pg018'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Did you ever see a judge? Would you be afraid of a judge? Why?
</p>

<p>
2. What are the duties of a judge?
</p>

<pb n='019'/><anchor id='Pg019'/>

<p>
3. Why did the judge say, <q>But I have often been glad since, that
I obeyed my teacher, my parents, and the law, and continued my
studies in school</q>? Why do boys and girls go to school? Why
is the public willing to pay large sums of money to pay teachers,
buy books, build school buildings, and keep them open?
</p>

<p>
4. What law was it that the judge said he was glad that he had obeyed?
</p>

<p>
5. Why did the judge send hundreds to prison? Why was he compelled
to sentence some to death?
</p>

<p>
6. What are the advantages of staying in school? What more do
you know when you graduate from elementary school than those
who quit earlier? Should one try to graduate from high school?
Why?
</p>

<p>
7. The judge says that one of the chief purposes of school is to make
good, law-abiding citizens. Think of some person you know who
is a <q>good, law-abiding citizen</q>; think of some one who is not;
name five ways in which they are different.
</p>

<p>
8. Have you read the Constitution of the United States? Should
a good, law-abiding citizen know what is in the Constitution of the
United States?
</p>

<p>
9. The judge says that we owe a duty to our country. List five
duties that a school pupil owes to his father and mother, five that
he owes to his teacher, and, if you can, list five duties that all of
us owe to our country.
</p>

<p>
10. The judge says that the Constitution guards every right and privilege
that we hold dear. Can you name any rights or privileges
that you hold dear?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. Why do we say that the United States is the <q>land of the free</q>?
Why does the judge say that it is the most free and just country
in the world?
</p>

<p>
B. How are judges selected? To whom are they responsible? What
are their duties?
</p>

<p>
C. What are likely to be the results of poor schools?
</p>

<p>
D. Should a parent have a right to give a child as poor an education
or as little schooling as he may desire?
</p>

<p>
E. Why do some States require children to study physiology and hygiene?
Is there as good an argument for a study of the Constitution?
</p>

<p>
F. Why does the judge say, <q>No one knows anything of real worth
about his country until he knows its Constitution</q>?
</p>

<p>
G. The judge says that good citizens know what authority is. Give an
illustration of a child, a student, and a citizen who knows what
authority is. Define authority. Give an illustration of a man who
does not respect authority.
</p>

<p>
H. When is a country a <q>free country</q>? What is a <q>just country</q>?
How can a judge justify himself in a free country when he sends
some men to prison, thereby taking away their freedom?
</p>

<p>
I. How can an American protect his liberties? What steps must he
take?
</p>

<p>
J. Prepare a paper on one of the following subjects:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
The Advantages of Staying in School</p>
<p>One Law-abiding Citizen That I Know</p>
<p>What One Man I Know Knows About the Rights and Privileges
of the American Citizen Under the Constitution.</p>
<p>Why Everyone Should Study the Constitution</p>
<p>What a Law Is, Where It Comes From and Its Value</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='020'/><anchor id='Pg020'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>II. Government</head>
<head type='sub'>The Purpose And Origin Of Government Among Men&mdash;In
The United States</head>

<p>
It is a little difficult even for grown people to understand
clearly what is meant by <q>the government</q>. They have so
many absurd notions about what the government is, and
where it is, that I do not wonder that children do not understand.
If I could look into the mind of each child here this
morning, I am sure I would find many that picture the capitol
at Washington, the President, or some other officer as being
the government. Now the capitol and the President and
the Congress and the Supreme Court of the United States and
all other National officers are part of the government, <emph>but they
are not the government</emph>.<note place='foot'><p><q>Government
is the aggregate of authorities which rule a society.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>Government is that institution or aggregate of institutions by which
society makes and carries out those rules of action which are necessary to
enable men to live in a social state, or which are imposed upon the
people forming that society by those who possess the power or authority
of prescribing them.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol.
I, p. 891.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
The government of the United States is merely the agency
by which and through which the people protect their own
rights and liberties. Our government may be said to be the
organized will of all the people. The people govern in this
country, and the men and the means by which they govern
all combined may be said to be the government. But do not
ever forget this fact: the President is not a master, but a
servant. The President, Senators, congressmen, and judges,
in the Nation; the Governors, State Senators, and State
Representatives in the States are only agents or servants of the
people to carry out the people's will. Also do not forget that
the power of government does not rest in Washington, the
capital of the Nation, nor at the capitals of the different
States. The power of government exists all over these United
States. The power of government exists right in the homes
and hearts of the people.<note place='foot'><p>Government
is the organized means and power that a State or
Nation employs for the purpose of securing the rights of the people, and
of perpetuating its own existence.
</p>
<p>
The real aim and purpose is well stated in the preamble to our Constitution
when it says: <q>to form a more perfect Union, establish
Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common Defence,
promote the general Welfare, and secure the blessings of Liberty to ourselves
and our Posterity</q>.
</p>
<p>
Government can never rise higher than the ideals of the people who
compose the government. Good governments are the products of good
people. Good governments can only exist where the people are intelligent
and upright in character, and where each citizen is willing to guard
the rights and privileges of others as well as those of himself.
</p>
<p>
<q>This government <hi rend='italic'>of the people</hi>, <hi rend='italic'>by the people</hi>, and <hi rend='italic'>for the people</hi>,
shall not perish from the earth.</q>&mdash;Abraham Lincoln.</p></note>
</p>

<pb n='021'/><anchor id='Pg021'/>

<p>
The President has no power except that conferred upon
him by the Constitution and the laws which the people have
adopted. Neither have the Senators, the congressmen, nor
the judges any power except that given by the people, and
the people at any time can take away any part of the power
given. When I say the people, I mean of course all the people.
Not that all the people must agree to any law to have
it enacted. The majority of the people make the laws as a
rule. We shall take this up later and consider it fully. Government
is power to exercise authority. Authority is in the
people, and the authority of the people is expressed as they
want it in laws which they make.
</p>

<p>
But what is government for? Why have any government?
</p>

<p>
Government is organized to protect human rights.<note place='foot'><p>The
object of government is to protect the citizens of a country
and to promote their general welfare, and it is composed of the officials
who care for the public interests of the citizens.
</p>
<p>
Under republican government, the weakest citizen enjoys the same
rights and privileges as do the strongest citizens, the poorest have the
same protection given to the richest, the most humble man or woman has
a chance to become the head of his or her government and to lead the
Nation among the most powerful Nations in the world.
</p>
<p>
<q>Brains and character rule the world. There were scores of men a
hundred years ago who had more intellect than Washington. He outlives
and overrides them all by the influence of his character.</q>&mdash;Wendell
Phillips.
</p>
<p>
<q>The true greatness of nations is in those qualities which constitute
the greatness of the individual.</q>&mdash;Charles Sumner.</p></note> Perhaps
if you were a giant possessed of wonderful wisdom you
would not need any law to protect your rights because you
would be big enough, powerful enough, and wise enough to
resist any person who might undertake to interfere with
your rights; but we are not all giants and we are not all
wise. In fact there are very few giants in the world. It is
true, however, that some are bigger and stronger than others;
and sometimes these big, strong people are selfish, wicked, or
envious. They see that a weaker person has something which
they want, and being big and strong, if there were no law
to restrain them, they would take it.
</p>

<p>
Now if you have a bicycle and some full-grown, strong,
brutal man were to come into your yard, take your bicycle,
and start away with it, what would you do? You might protest.
You might beg him not to take your property, but this
would probably do no good. A thief does not stop when he
is asked to by the owner of the property he is stealing, nor
is a thief influenced by the fact that his act is wrong. In
fact doing wrong is the business of a thief.
</p>

<p>
So there being many strong people in the world and many
<pb n='022'/><anchor id='Pg022'/>
weak people, many wise people, and many simple people,
the full grown and the children, and many, many people who
are not guided by rules of right or morality or justice, you can
see how necessary it is that someone shall provide rules and
regulations under which the weak, the simple, and the young
may be protected from the strong, the brutal, and the wicked
who would deprive their neighbors of their rights or their
property, simply because they had the power to do it. This
is what the government does.
</p>

<p>
There have been times in the world, hundreds and thousands
of years, during which the strong governed the weak,
made the weak their slaves, took from the weak the earnings
of their toil; but our government exists for the very purpose
of restraining the strong and protecting the weak, so that
their rights are equal. Every man is free and no man is a
slave.
</p>

<p>
Therefore always keep in mind that the purpose of government
is to protect the people of all classes and ages so
that, so far as possible, all may be equal in their right to do
the things they want to do, own the things they want to own
so far as they are able to produce or procure them, think the
things they want to think, and speak the things they want
to speak. In other words, <emph>government is to protect our freedom
against the wrongs of others</emph>.
</p>

<p>
Now we must not have the notion in our mind that the
government has anything to do with who shall work, or who
shall play, or who shall idle. Occupations in life are not
selected by the government. Each person determines this
for himself. That is one of the privileges which we have in
a free country, to select our own occupations; and as you go
through life you will find that what appear to be the higher
or better occupations are usually earned by industry, faithfulness,
and honesty.<note place='foot'><p><q>There
is always hope in a man that actually and honestly works.
In idleness alone is there perpetual despair.</q>&mdash;Thomas Carlyle.
</p>
<p>
<q>He that hath a trade hath an estate, and he that hath a calling hath
an office of profit and honor.</q>&mdash;Benjamin Franklin.
</p>
<p>
<q>If you have the great talents, industry will improve them; if moderate
abilities, industry will supply their deficiencies.</q>&mdash;Joshua Reynolds.
</p>
<p>
<q>Other nations have received their laws from conquerors; some are
indebted for a constitution to the suffering of their ancestors through
revolving centuries. The people of this country, alone, have formally
and deliberately chosen a government for themselves, and with open and
uninfluenced consent bound themselves into a social compact. Here no
man proclaims his birth or wealth as a title to honorable distinction,
or to sanctify ignorance and vice with the name of hereditary authority.
He who has most zeal and ability to promote public felicity, let him
be the servant of the public.</q>&mdash;John Adams.
</p>
<p>
<q>The basis of our political system is the right of the people to make
or alter their constitution of government.</q>&mdash;George Washington.
</p>
<p>
<q>Let us then, fellow citizens, unite with one heart and one mind and
labor for the welfare of the country.</q>&mdash;Thomas Jefferson.
</p>
<p>
<q>The Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United
States are parts of one consistent whole, founded upon one and the same
theory of government,&mdash;that the people are the only legitimate source of
power, and that all just powers of government are derived from the consent
of the governed.</q>&mdash;John Quincy Adams.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
I am going to talk to you some day about occupations in
<pb n='023'/><anchor id='Pg023'/>
life so that you will understand that our place in life is
selected by ourselves, determined by our efforts and our conduct.
I want you to start out in life with such a knowledge
of these things that you will never blame your country if you
do not like your job.
</p>

<p>
<emph>But how did our government come into existence? What
was the beginning?</emph> Well, it is all very simple if we only
get right down to elementary principles, if we only <q>begin
at the beginning</q>. Perhaps your father is a Woodman,
or an Odd Fellow, or a Knight of Columbus. Perhaps he
is a member of the American Federation of Labor. Perhaps
your mother belongs to the Eastern Star, or the P. E. O.
society. Perhaps you belong to some school fraternity, debating
society, or neighborhood club, the Boy Scouts, or the
Camp Fire Girls.
</p>

<p>
Now let us go back a few years. None of these societies
were in existence. Where did they come from? One day,
years ago, a few men and women, or boys and girls, met perhaps
in some home, or the office, and talked over the plan
which perhaps had been suggested by some one present at
the meeting. After discussion, it was decided to form an organization.
I have no doubt that most of you have had such
an experience. The beginning of each society was merely
an idea in the mind of some one. He or she talked of it
to some one else, and the discussion extended until enough of
interested persons came together to complete an organization
and give it a name.
</p>

<p>
What was the first step in perfecting the society or organization?
It was the preparation of a written statement of the
purposes and principles of the organization, which is usually
called a constitution. When the constitution was completed,
usually by a committee, all those about to become members
of the society met and talked it over. Changes probably
were made and the constitution finally adopted. Probably
<pb n='024'/><anchor id='Pg024'/>
some voted against it, but those who did vote against it recognized
that they should be bound by the judgment and will
of the majority.<note place='foot'>This description
almost perfectly fits the making of the Mayflower
Compact in the cabin of the ship Mayflower on November 11, 1620.
Those Pilgrim Fathers drew up an agreement which was the first attempt
at a written constitution in the New World. The Fundamental Orders
of Connecticut, of 1638, are generally conceded to be the oldest real
constitution in America.</note>
</p>

<p>
Laws, or by-laws, as they are generally called, were then
adopted to govern the conduct of the members in their relation
to each other and to the society. These by-laws have
been amended from time to time ever since, and perhaps at
all times some of the members have believed that the by-laws
should be different, but they have submitted to the will of
the majority.
</p>

<p>
So with the United States. There was a time less than one
hundred and fifty years ago when there was no such thing
on earth. A comparatively few men, representing the people
of the former colonies, decided to form a Nation, and in the
Constitutional Convention after months of discussion, the
Constitution was adopted, and it was finally ratified by the
people of the States. While many persons opposed some of
the provisions of the Constitution, all submitted to the will
of the majority.
</p>

<p>
Thereafter, rules of conduct called laws&mdash;in your society
by-laws&mdash;were adopted, and from time to time changed and
extended as circumstances seemed to demand. We are going
to talk about these laws in a few days.
</p>

<p>
But <emph>there is the whole story</emph>. There is the simple beginning
of this now great Nation, the most powerful on earth.
</p>

<p>
So you see there is nothing mysterious about the origin of
our Constitution. There is nothing mysterious about the
origin or the organization of this government. The important
thing to bear in mind is that it was formed by the people
for themselves. Humanity, after thousands of years, had
reached a point where they refused longer to be governed by
a king or similar ruler.
</p>

<p>
All this will become more clear to you as you understand
something of the nature of liberty and of law.
</p>

<pb n='026'/><anchor id='Pg026'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. What is the government of the United States? Why isn't the
capitol at Washington the government? Why is it impossible to
point out the government of the United States upon the map?
</p>

<p>
2. What is a servant? Describe a servant. Why does the judge say
that the President of the United States is only a servant of the
people?
</p>

<p>
3. Was the Kaiser a servant of the German people? Why not?
</p>

<p>
4. Where does the President get his power? Where do members of
Congress get their power? Judges? The Sheriff? The Mayor?
</p>

<p>
5. If we do not like what our servants do, how can we control them?
</p>

<p>
6. What is government in a school? In a club? What would it be
like if there were no government in either? Name five advantages
of having a government.
</p>

<p>
7. Suppose that you were like Robinson Crusoe, except that five of
you were shipwrecked. Would you form a government? Why?
</p>

<p>
8. If you were tie write a constitution, what would you include?
</p>

<p>
9. Suppose that a man came into your yard and tried to steal your
bicycle, what could you do to protect your rights?
</p>

<p>
10. Do all people do what they think is right? How can you tell what
is right and wrong?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. What is the purpose of government?
</p>

<p>
B. Why is it wrong for the great and powerful to govern the small
and weak? Does might make right?
</p>

<p>
C. Which would be the better government, one based upon might makes
right, or one based upon right makes might? Why?
</p>

<p>
D. How can right make might?
</p>

<p>
E. In a free country can the government prescribe what occupations
in life the people must follow? How are the higher and better
occupations acquired in America?
</p>

<p>
F. How did the American government come into being?
</p>

<p>
G. How would you organise a literary society? List the steps in
detail. Would you have a constitution? What should be included
in any constitution?
</p>

<p>
H. Discuss the effect of a sudden breakdown in government.
</p>

<p>
I. What were the first steps in the actual organisation of the government
of the United States?
</p>

<p>
J. Write a paper on:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
The Ways in Which the Postmaster, Superintendent of Schools,
Sheriff, Coroner, or Judge Serves the People
</p>

<p>
Why We Cannot Locate Our Government On the Map
</p>

<p>
The Advantages of Having a Government
</p>

<p>
What a Constitution Should Include
</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='027'/><anchor id='Pg027'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>III. Liberty</head>
<head type='sub'>Definition Of Liberty And The Historical Background
Of The Struggle For It</head>

<p>
I hope that we now all understand that the purpose of government
is to maintain the liberty of the people. I wish
that every child would learn from the Declaration of Independence
the following:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are
created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with
certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty
and the pursuit of Happiness. That to secure these
rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their
just powers from the consent of the governed.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>When
Jefferson wrote <q>all men are created equal</q>, he did not mean
that all infant children have equal capacities for learning or accomplishment,
but that all children ought to be given equal opportunities by the
government of a republic. He meant that in a republic all children,
whether rich or poor, whether of the aristocracy or of the common people,
had great opportunities to be good and great men and women. He
meant that a poor boy born in the Kentucky mountains and a rail splitter
in the woods of Illinois had the opportunity to become President of the
United States.
</p>
<p>
<q>The Declaration of Independence was not a mere temporary expedient,
but is an enunciation of fundamental truths intended for all time.</q>&mdash;William
J. Bryan.
</p>
<p>
<q>Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth upon this
continent a new nation, <emph>conceived in liberty</emph>, and dedicated to the proposition
that all men are created equal.</q>&mdash;Abraham Lincoln.
</p>
<p>
<q>Where slavery is, there <emph>liberty</emph> cannot be and where <emph>liberty</emph> is, slavery
cannot be.</q>&mdash;Abraham Lincoln.
</p>
<p>
<q>Respect for its (the government's) authority, compliance with its
laws, acquiesence in its measures, are duties enjoined by the fundamental
maxims of true Liberty.</q>&mdash;George Washington.
</p>
<p>
<q>Liberty&mdash;on its positive side, denotes the fulness of individual existence;
on its negative side it denotes the necessary restraint on all,
which is needed to promote the greatest possible amount of liberty for
each.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol. I. p. 217.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
This expresses the whole purpose of government&mdash;to secure
the right to life, to liberty, and to happiness.
</p>

<p>
I suppose every child here would like to be rich some day.
A great many people feel that riches bring happiness. The
experience of men, however, is that riches more often bring
disappointments, burdens, and grief.
</p>

<p>
<emph>What is the most valuable thing in the world?</emph> It is not
money, lands, nor jewels. The most valuable thing in the
world is human liberty. I do not believe that we, born here
in America, realize the value of human liberty. It comes to
us as a heritage. We accept it as we accept the sunlight, the
springtime, the harvest. I am afraid that we seldom stop
to recall the fact that the great blessing of human liberty,
as we have it here in America, did not exist before our Nation
was born. Always remember that there were thousands of
years before our country came into being, when the people,
men, women, and children living in many countries of the
<pb n='028'/><anchor id='Pg028'/>
world and under many forms of government dreamed,
hoped, and prayed for freedom. But it never came to them.
They lived, labored, and died under kings and emperors, or
other rulers, never having any power, or at most very limited
power, in making the laws under which they were compelled
to live.<note place='foot'><q>Other nations have received their laws from conquerors; some
are indebted for a constitution to the sufferings of their ancestors through
revolving centuries. The people of this country, alone have formally
and deliberately chosen a government for themselves, and with open and
uninfluenced consent bound themselves into a social compact. Here no
man proclaims his birth or wealth as a title to honorable distinction, or
to sanctify ignorance and vice with the name of hereditary authority.</q>&mdash;John
Adams.</note>
</p>

<p>
To a considerable extent the history of the world is a sorrowful
story of men who fought and died in struggles for
liberty, the same liberty which we in this country enjoy. We
must not forget that freedom in this Nation was obtained
only through war, bloodshed, and sacrifice.
</p>

<p>
Now what is this liberty for which men have fought and
died? It is liberty of thought, liberty of speech, liberty of
conscience, liberty of action, liberty, as the Supreme Court
of the United States says, <q>of all the faculties</q>. Men wanted
the right to form their own opinions and to express them in
speech or in writing. They wished to worship God according
to the dictates of their own consciences, and not as directed
by the ruler of the government. They wanted to work in
employments of their own choice, to have their own earnings
for themselves and their families, instead of having it taken
as tithes or taxes to buy purple robes for some monarch upon
a throne. They wanted the right to own property, to own a
home; and they hoped and prayed for the day when their
children might have a chance to advance in life according
to their merits. They hoped some day to have the door of
opportunity open to the son of the poor man as well as the
rich. They hoped to see class and privilege wiped away.<note place='foot'><q>Liberty means freedom in the enjoyment of all one's faculties
in all lawful ways, the liberty to earn a livelihood by any lawful calling,
the liberty to live and work where one wills.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Allgeyer vs. Louisiana,
165 U. S. 578.</hi></note>
</p>

<p>
These were the things that men and women throughout
the centuries struggled for, but which were never attained
in the whole history of the world, by any race or by any
nation, until America opened its doors to all the peoples
of the earth, guaranteeing to them all the blessings which
had been so long denied to the human race.
</p>

<pb n='029'/><anchor id='Pg029'/>

<p>
You will understand better the functions of government
with relation to human liberty if you will realize that human
liberty is a natural right. It comes from no man and no
government. It is <q>God given</q>. Men are born free. The
love of freedom is in every human heart. Again recall the
words of the Declaration of Independence&mdash;<q>all men are
created equal ... they are endowed by their Creator
with certain unalienable Rights</q>, among which is liberty.
</p>

<p>
America does not confer liberty upon the individual.
America realizes that the individual possesses the right to
liberty, and the whole structure of the American government
is framed with the special purpose of protecting each individual
in his natural liberty.<note place='foot'><p><q>Civil liberty is the liberty belonging to men in organized society.
It is liberty defined, regulated and protected by positive law of the State
or recognized as existing under customary law.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American
Government</hi>, Vol. II, p. 347.
</p>
<p>
The American people are a peculiar people. They are peculiar in
their origin, peculiar in their make-up, and due to their sufferings, their
persecutions, and their enduring perseverance, they are still a peculiar
people. From the first white man to steer his little wooden ship westward
across the great Atlantic ocean to the latest arrival among the most
recent immigrants, the people coming to America have been different
from those people remaining in their European homes. The conditions
surrounding the lives of those people in Europe who left their homes
and first settled in America were not materially different from the conditions
surrounding the lives of thousands of other people who were
satisfied and content to remain on their European shores. Many men
thought the earth was round long before Christopher Columbus sailed
away from that little seaport town in Spain to test his own ideas of
finding a shorter route to India. Many people believed in religious
liberty long before the Pilgrims and Puritans landed on the bleak New
England shores and suffered the hardships of first settlers in a new
country in order to worship God as they pleased. Many people seriously
and intelligently doubted the divine right of kings, and believed in the
rights of the people to govern themselves long before the American
colonists adopted the Declaration of Independence. But it was left for
these people&mdash;these coming Americans&mdash;to demonstrate to all the world
that America was to be peopled by men and women of different ideals,
different hopes, and different ambitions from all the other nations of
the world.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
Now there is no danger to the liberty of any one except
from two sources&mdash;the wrong of a fellowman, or the wrong
of the government, which in this country is a mere organization
of men and women and children. Here we see emphasized
the necessity for law in order to protect the liberty of
the individual. Government is organized to protect individuals
in their liberties. This protection is furnished by laws
enacted by the people to protect the weak against the strong,
the good against the evil; and in this country the same law
applies to every individual. There are no special laws for
special classes; every one is equally interested in having these
laws as just and fair as possible. Liberty under law is the
privilege of doing everything one wishes to do, except in so
far as his acts may interfere in some way with like privileges
of those who are about him in society.
</p>

<p>
Therefore always keep in mind that the great achievement
of those who founded America was the establishment of a
Nation where liberty would have a home. Of course liberty
could not be fully established in this country until the Nation
was fully established, until the Constitution was adopted,
until laws were enacted; but from the adoption of the Constitution
<pb n='030'/><anchor id='Pg030'/>
to the present time the people have enacted laws
from time to time, and still enact laws, the better to protect
every man in his liberty and to enlarge his opportunities
in life.
</p>

<p>
Now in order to understand clearly how the liberties of the
people are protected through our government, we must understand
the nature and form of our government; and this
subject we must take up at our next meeting.
</p>

<pb n='031'/><anchor id='Pg031'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. What is your idea of the right to <q>life</q>? Does it mean that no one
shall ever be sentenced to death for murder?
</p>

<p>
2. What is your idea of the right to <q>property</q>? Does this mean
that everyone shall be wealthy? Does it mean that everyone shall
own his own home?
</p>

<p>
3. What is your idea of the right to <q>pursuit of happiness</q>? Does
this mean that everyone can do as he pleases?
</p>

<p>
4. Why does the judge say that liberty is the most valuable thing in
the world? What would you trade for it?
</p>

<p>
5. Note the dangers to liberty that the judge points out. What are
they?
</p>

<p>
6. Give an illustration of each of these dangers.
</p>

<p>
7. How may we protect ourselves against these dangers?
</p>

<p>
8. Where does this liberty that we enjoy come from? Who grants it?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. In what particular ways does the Constitution of the United States
guarantee liberty?
</p>

<p>
B. What forms of government existed before the United States? What
liberties did the people of Russia, or France, or England enjoy in
1600?
</p>

<p>
C. Who really possesses the power of government in the United States?
</p>

<p>
D. How is the liberty of the individual protected in the United States?
</p>

<p>
E. In what ways were the people of Massachusetts in 1650 not as free
as we are to-day?
</p>

<p>
F. What does it mean when we say <q>all men are created equal</q>?
</p>

<p>
G. Discuss the real meaning of the right to <q>Life, Liberty and the pursuit
of Happiness</q>.
</p>

<pb n='032'/><anchor id='Pg032'/>

<p>
H. Write a paper on:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
Ways in Which We Have an Equal Chance
</p>

<p>
How We Can Make Chances Still More Equal
</p>

<p>
<q>I hope to see the time when every American citizen will have an
unfettered start and an equal chance in the race of life.</q>&mdash;Abraham Lincoln
</p>

<p>
The Meaning of Liberty
</p>

<p>
A Week in a Land Where There Is No Liberty
</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='033'/><anchor id='Pg033'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>IV. America&mdash;A Democracy</head>
<head type='sub'>The Spirit Of Democracy Developed Under The Constitution
Of Our Country</head>

<p>
It is not sufficient that we shall know what government is
and where it is. We must also understand its nature. It is
the proud boast of America that it is a democracy, the first
real democracy in the world. Now what is meant by a
democracy? We hear much about democracy, and we hear
much about republicanism, and many people when they
hear or see these terms think that it has to do with the Democratic
or Republican political party. We must not be confused.
We must see and think clearly. Democracy and
republicanism, as we use the terms in these talks, have no
reference to any political party, but relate solely to the form
of government under which we live.
</p>

<p>
America is a democracy. It is also a republic, as we shall
see in our next talk. It is very important that we shall understand
why it is a democracy, and why it is also a republic,
and the distinction between the two.
</p>

<p>
It has been well said that republicanism in government
<q>refers rather to the form of government</q>, and that democracy
refers to the <q>spirit of government</q>. In government as
with the people the spirit is the real, important thing. In a
democracy the people govern. <q>A government of the people,
by the people, and for the people</q>, as Lincoln expressed it,
is a democracy. In a democracy no man is the master of
another man without his consent. In a democracy there are
no slaves. In a democracy each and all have equal rights.
Every one in a democracy has an equal opportunity with
every other person.<note place='foot'><p>A pure democracy would be that form of government in which all
people of the age of twenty-one years could actually take part in making
the laws and administering the government. A country would need be
very small indeed, if <emph>all</emph> the people above twenty-one years of age could
assemble in any one place and organize and conduct a meeting in which
<emph>all</emph> could take part in law-making. No building would be large enough
to accommodate all the people and even if all the people assembled out
of doors, the number would be so large that those standing or sitting near
the outer edge of the assembly would be so far from the speaker that they
could not hear what he said when he spoke to them. A pure democracy
is a physical impossibility. The nearest form of government to a pure
democracy is a representative democracy, or one in which groups of
people choose one or more persons to represent them. Then these representatives
make laws and carry on the government in the name of all
the people whom they represent. Therefore a democracy is that form of
government in which all people have equal opportunities, and in which
all may take part in the government through their chosen representatives.
</p>
<p>
<q>No matter how widely democracy may be extended, if it is not accompanied
by a certain equality of opportunity among the members of the
political society, it is not democracy.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>,
Vol. I, p. 561.
</p>
<p>
<q>Democracy is that form of government in which the people rule. The
basis of democracy is equality, as that of the aristocracy is privilege.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's
<hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol. I, p. 540.
</p>
<p>
<q>The beginnings of democracy were best observed in the townships of
New England, where the Puritans from England settled and organized
towns which were centers of democracy.</q>&mdash;Peter Roberts.
</p>
<p>
In an absolute monarchy, the ruler is supreme; in a limited monarchy,
the parliament or congress sets a limit to the powers of the ruler; in a
democracy, the people rule.
</p>
<p>
<q>It is almost impossible that all the people will exactly agree on any
proposition, either political or social. Therefore the rule of government
in a democracy is, that all the people shall accept and obey those laws
and regulations that are pleasing to the majority.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>The basis of our political system is the right of the <emph>people</emph> to make
or alter their constitution of government.</q>&mdash;George Washington.
</p>
<p>
<q>No man is good enough to govern another man without that other
man's consent.</q>&mdash;Abraham Lincoln.
</p>
<p>
<q>This country, with all its institutions, belongs to the people who inhabit
it.</q>&mdash;Abraham Lincoln.
</p>
<p>
<q>I believe that the American people accept, as one just definition of
democracy, Napoleon's phrase, 'Every career is open to talent'.</q>&mdash;Charles
William Eliot.
</p>
<p>
Lincoln defined a democracy as <q>A government of the people, by the
people, and for the people</q>.</p></note>
</p>

<pb n='034'/><anchor id='Pg034'/>

<p>
You have already learned that in this country the people
make the laws. In the making of laws the banker and the
man who digs in the sewer have the same power. Each has
one vote on election day, and no more. America has no
rulers except the people. In a democracy the spirit of all
should be one of toleration and kindness. All of us cannot
have things just as we want them in this world. Men do not
all agree, so we must let the majority of the people rule. But
the majority should not have any feeling of superiority. The
majority should be inspired by a sense of justice and charity
toward their fellowmen. In fact a democracy is a brotherhood
in which each person should think, not only of himself,
but of his neighbor. In this democracy the more we think of
the rights of our neighbor and the more we think of our duty
toward our neighbor, the better will our government be.
</p>

<p>
In a democracy we live in the belief that all men are
created equal, that all through life they are equal in their
rights, in their duties, and in their privileges. I do not mean
of course that all men are equal in physical strength, because
you who run and wrestle every day know that some are
stronger than others. I do not mean that all are equal in
the powers of the mind, because some of us here this morning,
even some who study hard, know that other pupils get
higher marks in every examination. Nor do I mean that
all are equal in wealth, in health, or in comforts.
</p>

<p>
What I mean is, that so far as life and liberty are concerned,
in our rights under the law, in our protection under
the law, we are all equal.
</p>

<p>
In a democracy the people make the laws, and the people
enforce the laws. As we shall hereafter see, every man who
takes part in making a law, and every one who aids in enforcing
the law is selected by the people. But the great thing
about a democracy is the spirit of the people&mdash;the feeling
of the people toward each other. Pride of wealth, position,
<pb n='035'/><anchor id='Pg035'/>
race, or creed has no place in a democracy. Every person
should feel sympathy and charity for his neighbor, and for
his neighbor's problems in life.
</p>

<p>
We should all be willing to help those who may be less
fortunate. We should all endeavor to make our neighbor's
life as easy as possible.
</p>

<p>
A democracy cannot be a government by groups: it must
be a government by every one.
</p>

<p>
Now I do not mean to say that we in this country all have
the proper feeling toward our neighbor. We are not all
good citizens of a democracy. Many people have pride,
selfishness, and hate. Many people do not seem to care how
the rest of the world lives. Such people are not worthy to
have the privileges of living in a democracy. Many people
are also ignorant in matters of government. They do not
seem to care what kind of a government we have. In fact
many people will not vote on election day. It is because of
pride, selfishness, hate, ignorance, and indifference that I
am here talking to you to-day. This is a wonderful government,
but it can be made much better, with more freedom
and more justice, if the people will only learn more about
their power and their duty, especially if they will only cultivate
the right spirit&mdash;the spirit of America, the spirit of
justice, humility, kindness, and charity.
</p>

<p>
<q>Love thy neighbor as thyself</q> is not only a Christian
duty, but it is the foundation of social life in a democracy.
You will find when you become acquainted with life that
success in life does not depend upon money, clothes, nor social
position, but that in this American democracy real merit
wins. More and more are we learning every day that true
happiness comes only from service, service to humanity,
service to our country, and this spirit of service must be developed
in childhood, and expand as we grow to manhood
and womanhood.
</p>

<pb n='036'/><anchor id='Pg036'/>

<p>
That was a nice thing you did the other day, here in this
school, when you put your pennies and your nickels together,
bought a ton of coal, and sent it to the widowed mother of
one of your schoolmates who had been sick for several weeks.
He is just a poor Polish boy; but when in health he ran errands
before and after school. This helped to support his
mother and his little sister. I am sure that he thinks of you
every day; and that he often thanks God that his father,
who died last winter, had the courage to leave the old home
in Poland and come to America where there is a chance for
the poorest and the most obscure.
</p>

<p>
I told you a while ago that this is the first real democracy
in the world. So few people stop to think about this. The
world is thousands of years old. Humanity in all these thousands
of years has been made up of men, women, and children
just like us. They hoped for, and dreamed of freedom,
but until America became a Nation no government in the
world had ever been a real government by the people. They
had always been ruled by a king, a queen, an emperor, by
some other ruler, by a small group of men who were rulers,
or by a certain class. Your father may be a blacksmith, or
a street sweeper, but on election day he can vote. Up to the
organization of this government no such right existed anywhere
in the world. In some countries, a few men who
owned a certain amount of property could vote; but the wise
men of the world sneered at the American plan to give every
man the right to vote whether he owned a dollar's worth of
property or not.
</p>

<p>
Always remember this, too, that even when America became
a Nation, the right of all the people to vote was not
granted at once. Many of our States for many years required
that a voter must have a certain amount of property. Finally
this was all wiped away. America has been a growth,
each generation doing a little more to expand the power of
<pb n='037'/><anchor id='Pg037'/>
the people, and this growth, this expansion must continue.
We are still a young Nation and we all have much to do to
aid in making this democracy a better place in which to live.
</p>

<p>
When you hear of other democracies now existing in the
world, remember that America has been their guide and
inspiration. Men came from France to help fight our revolution,
and carried back with them the spirit of America. In
time democracy was established in France. So with all the
countries in the world which to-day have a greater or less
degree of democracy, to them all, America has been a beacon
light, a source of courage and of inspiration. Did any of you
ever see the great Statue of Liberty at the entrance to the
New York harbor? If you did, you saw that grand figure
looking out to the east over the great expanse of water, holding
aloft the great torch which in the darkness of the night
is aglow with light, the great flaming torch, which is emblematic
of America enlightening the world.
</p>

<pb n='038'/><anchor id='Pg038'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Which was the first real democracy to be established in the world?
</p>

<p>
2. What is a democracy? What is the difference between <q>democracy</q>
and a <q>Democrat</q>?
</p>

<p>
3. Who governs in a democracy?
</p>

<p>
4. In a democracy, who makes the laws?
</p>

<p>
5. How is power in government expressed in a democracy? In America,
does one man have more power than another?
</p>

<p>
6. How many times can a person vote on election day?
</p>

<p>
7. Suppose Congress or the legislature in our State passes a law that
we do not like. Do we have to obey it? What can we do about it?
How can we secure a change in the law?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. What does <q>government of the people, by the people, and for the
people</q> mean?
</p>

<p>
B. What is the proper spirit of people who live in a democracy?
</p>

<p>
C. What is meant by <q>the majority of the people rule</q>?
</p>

<p>
D. What would happen if the minority should rule? Lincoln said that
this meant anarchy. Why?
</p>

<p>
E. Does the minority have any rights? Should the majority pay any
attention to them? Why or why not?
</p>

<p>
F. Who enforces laws in a democracy?
</p>

<p>
G. Why is it said that the best way to get rid of a bad law is rigidly
to enforce it?
</p>

<p>
H. What is the result of not casting your ballot on election day?
</p>

<p>
I. It is a fact that from election to election there is an increasing percentage
of the qualified voters who do not vote. What is the danger
of this? What is it likely to lead to?
</p>

<p>
J. Write a paper on:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
The Meaning of Democracy
</p>

<p>
The Danger of Not Voting
</p>

<p>
Why It Is Right that Women Should Vote
</p>

<p>
Why We Fought to Make the World Safe for Democracy
</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='039'/><anchor id='Pg039'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>V. America&mdash;A Republic</head>
<head type='sub'>A Representative Form Of Government Under The
Constitution</head>

<p>
As I stated to you in our last discourse, America is a
democracy, but it is also a republic. It is a democracy in its
spirit and the power of its people, but in the mode of exercise
of the power of the people it is a republic. We often hear
America referred to as a <q>representative democracy</q>. If
America were merely a democracy there would be no fixed
method for expressing the wishes or the power of the people.
In a pure democracy, people having full power would naturally
assemble from time to time to decide by the vote of
all those present what should be done for the public good.
</p>

<p>
You will hear of the <q>town meeting</q> which even to-day in
some parts of New England is held from time to time,
where the people assemble, and by vote decide matters of public
concern.
</p>

<p>
But this is now a Nation of more than one hundred and
five million people. We have forty-eight States, many of
them very populous. When the Constitution was adopted,
there were only about 3,900,000 people in all the States; but
those who framed the Constitution looked into the future
and could see something of the wonderful growth of the
Nation which they were planning. Of course it is easy for
anyone to see that in a large country like this, with a large
population or a population as large as it was at the time when
the Constitution was adopted, it would be impossible for all
the people to assemble in a meeting to vote directly upon the
passage of necessary laws, or to provide for taxation, or to
conduct the general business of the State or the Nation. You
<pb n='040'/><anchor id='Pg040'/>
can see how absolutely impossible it would be in these days
to have the people of the United States assemble at the National
capital to vote on any law, or to make any appropriation,
or to provide rules for exercise of governmental power.
</p>

<p>
Therefore you can readily see that the founders of this
country very wisely realized that the only government possible
would be what is known as a representative government,
a democracy where the people would have all the power, but
a republic wherein the people would express that power, not
directly, but through representatives or agents chosen by
them.<note place='foot'><p><q>A Republic may be defined as a state in which the sovereign power
rests in the people as a whole but is exercised by representatives chosen
by a popular vote.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>, Vol. III,
p. 188.
</p>
<p>
<q>A Republic, in the modern sense of the term, is a government which
derives all its powers directly, or indirectly, from the great body of the
people, i. e. the majority&mdash;and is administered by persons holding their
offices for a limited period.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>, Vol.
III, p. 188.
</p>
<p>
<q>Republican government is a government of the people; a government
by representatives chosen by the people.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>.
</p>
<p>
The Constitution of the United States in Art. IV, Sec. 4 guarantees
to every State a republican form of government, but it does not define
what is republican government. It is generally assumed that if for any
reason the representative government of a State should be destroyed or
temporarily set aside, it would be the duty of the Federal government,
acting through the President as chief executive, to use whatever force
was necessary (including the army and navy) to overcome such agency
and to restore to the people of that State its former representative government.
</p>
<p>
<q>It is left to Congress to decide what constitutes a republican form
of government, and Congress also has the right to say which government
in a state is the legal government. This necessarily follows because before
Congress can decide whether the government is Republican it must
decide which government is in force.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Luther vs. Borden, 7 Howard 1.</hi>
</p>
<p>
<q>It is Congress and not the President who decides what is Republican
government in a state.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Martin vs. Mott, 12 Wheaton 19.</hi></p></note>
</p>

<p>
The government of the United States and that of each of
the States is sub-divided into three parts: the executive, represented
by the President or the Governor, the legislative,
represented by Congress or the legislature, and the judicial,
represented by the courts.
</p>

<p>
Now the President and the members of Congress, including
the Senate, and the judges of the courts are all merely
representatives of the people chosen by the people to carry
out the will of the people. The position and powers of all
of these representatives of the people are fixed and defined by
laws enacted by the people.
</p>

<p>
As we shall hereafter find, the first law of the Nation, the
foundation of all laws of the Nation, is the Constitution of
the United States, which in the long ago was adopted by the
people of thirteen small States.
</p>

<p>
Our form of government therefore is representative. That
is to say, the people choose their representatives to do the
business of the country for the people. Laws are voted for
directly by members of Congress and the Senate of the United
States, or members of the legislatures of the States; but these
members of Congress, Senators, and legislators are selected by
the people, and in voting for laws they are expressing the
will of the people who voted for them. They are elected for
<pb n='041'/><anchor id='Pg041'/>
a short term of years, so that in case any one of them should
not, in his vote upon any law, carry out the wishes of the
people who elected him, they may at the next election select
someone else in his place who will better represent them.<note place='foot'><q>It may well be contended that a republican form of government
necessarily involves the exercise of powers of government by representative
officers and bodies, and the distribution of powers of government
among distinct and independent departments.</q>&mdash;McClain's <hi rend='italic'>Constitutional
Law</hi>, p. 10.</note>
</p>

<p>
The important thing to bear in mind in relation to this
government organization, with all the officers now necessary
to do the business of the people of this great country, is that
these officers&mdash;executive, legislative, and judicial&mdash;are not
the government; the government rests with the people, and
these officers are merely servants of the people, subject to the
will of the people.
</p>

<p>
It has been well said that government in a democracy is
organized public opinion. Public officers, representatives of
the people, have only the power which the people give to
them. In many of the States of this country, in the enactment
of laws, the people by law make provision by which the
people themselves have the power to reject laws enacted by
their representatives of which they do not approve. Under
the <q>initiative</q> and <q>referendum</q> in some States, the people
retain the power to direct their legislature to enact certain
laws. Also laws made by the legislature may be voted upon
by the people for final approval, if desired.<note place='foot'><p><emph>Initiative</emph> means the right of the people to initiate or commence
the process of lawmaking. It is done by circulating a petition asking
that a certain provision be enacted into law. If the petition receives the
signatures of a certain percentage of qualified voters, the legislature is
required to enact the provision into law, or submit it to the voters to
determine whether it shall become law.
</p>
<p>
<emph>Referendum</emph> means that the qualified voters through the process of balloting
may determine whether a measure proposed either through the
action of the legislature, or through the initiative, shall become law.
</p>
<p>
<emph>Recall</emph> is the method by which the qualified voters may remove an
undesirable officer from office before the expiration of his term. It is
done through a petition requiring a certain percentage of signers from
among the qualified voters. If the petition is sufficient an election is
called at which time the officer may appear for continuation in office
and others may appear as candidates for that office. The one receiving
the largest vote is duly chosen.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
The important thing first to be learned is that in this
democracy the government is in form a republic, because
the laws are enacted and enforced, not by the direct vote of
the people, but by the representatives elected by the people.
</p>

<p>
The power of the people always continues. A law may be
passed by one legislature, or one session of Congress, and may
be repealed the next. Any law upon the statute books may
be changed from time to time, in response to the changing
sentiment of the people.
</p>

<p>
We are inclined to consider the term <q>representative government</q>
as relating particularly to the enactment of laws,
but this is a representative government not only in the making
<pb n='042'/><anchor id='Pg042'/>
of laws, but also in the enforcement of laws. I want you
to realize early in life that every citizen has a responsibility
for enforcing laws as well as for making laws, and that for
any failure or omission in the making of laws, or in the enforcement
of laws, the people must bear the responsibility.
</p>

<pb n='043'/><anchor id='Pg043'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. In what respect is America a republic?
</p>

<p>
2. What is the difference between a republic and a Republican?
</p>

<p>
3. What was the population of America when the Constitution was
adopted?
</p>

<p>
4. Why was it impossible to have all the people assemble to adopt laws?
</p>

<p>
5. What is meant by a representative of the people?
</p>

<p>
6. Suppose a representative does not represent the people as they wish.
What can they do about it? Give illustrations.
</p>

<p>
7. Into what parts is the government of the United States divided?
</p>

<p>
8. How are the powers and duties of representatives of the people defined?
Why does the judge say that the people really have the power
and that this power continues?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. What is the fundamental law of the United States? Why is it fundamental?
</p>

<p>
B. How can we say that the people have power in lawmaking, when
we know that the representatives make the laws?
</p>

<p>
C. How can we influence the votes of our representatives?
</p>

<p>
D. If you know that your representative is likely to vote against your
own wishes, what can you do about it?
</p>

<p>
E. How soon may a law be changed after it has been passed?
</p>

<p>
F. What is meant by <q>initiative, referendum, and recall</q>? How have
they worked out in practice?
</p>

<p>
G. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
The Difference between a Democracy and a Republic
</p>

<p>
How the Public Can Make Their Representatives Represent
Them
</p>

<p>
Why America Could Not Do Without Representatives
</p>

<p>
The New England Town Meeting
</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='044'/><anchor id='Pg044'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>VI. Law</head>
<head type='sub'>Necessity For Rules Of Human Conduct For Guidance
And Restraint</head>

<p>
This morning I wish to talk with you about one of the
most important subjects in the world, the law; and strange to
say, most people know very little about it.
</p>

<p>
Indeed I find that the average person feels that he does
not need any knowledge of the law, that the law is for lawyers,
judges, and courts.
</p>

<p>
Now the truth is, that there is scarcely any activity in
life in which the law does not play an important part. This
is true from childhood to old age, in every calling and every
occupation in life.<note place='foot'>Children
who attend the public school are subject to the law as
well as are grown people who work in factories or on farms. The teacher
must have rules and regulations governing the conduct of pupils in school.
These are laws which the children must obey. If a pupil insists on disturbing
other pupils or talking out loud&mdash;such may be a violation of the
rules governing a good school and the pupil may be punished for such
violation.</note> The law is not intended for any one
class of people, but it applies to all classes of people, the rich
and the poor, the wise and the ignorant. It also applies to
all ages, to men, women, and children.
</p>

<p>
<emph>What is the law</emph>, or what is a law?<note place='foot'><p>Law
has been defined as: <q>The aggregate of those laws and
principles of conduct which the governing power in a community recognizes
as the rules and principles which it will enforce or sanction, and
according to which it will regulate, limit, or protect the conduct of its
members.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol. II, p. 144.
</p>
<p>
<q>Law consists of the rules and methods by which society compels or
restrains the actions of its members.</q>
</p>
<p>
In the legal sense&mdash;A law is a rule which the courts will enforce. The
courts will not enforce all rules, and therefore there are many rules
which are not law in the legal sense.
</p>
<p>
<q>Law <emph>might</emph> be defined as the aggregate of those rules and principles
promulgated by legislative authority or established by local custom, and
our laws are the resultant derived from a combination of the divine or
moral laws, the laws of nature and human experience, as such resultant
has been evolved by human intellect, influenced by the virtue of the ages.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Words
and Phrases</hi>, p. 33.
</p>
<p>
<q>Law has her seat in the bosom of God; her voice in the harmony of
the world.</q>&mdash;Hooker.
</p>
<p>
<q>Laws are the very bulwark of liberty. They define every man's rights,
and stand between and defend individual liberties of all.</q>&mdash;J. G. Holland.
</p>
<p>
<q>Laws exist in vain for those who do not have the courage and the
means to defend them.</q>&mdash;Thomas B. Macauley.
</p>
<p>
<q>Laws, written, if not on stone tablets, yet on the azure of infinitude,
in the inner heart of God's creation, certain as life, certain as death, are
they, and thou shalt not disobey them.</q>&mdash;Thomas Carlyle.
</p>
<p>
<q>A rule of civil conduct prescribed by the supreme power in a state.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's
<hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>.</p></note> There is nothing difficult
about it. A law is merely a rule of human conduct, a
rule of conduct for human beings which is enforced by the
Nation, the State, or the city. There are other rules of
human conduct enforced by the parents, teachers, or employers&mdash;those
who have authority over others, those whose
duty it is to direct the conduct of others.
</p>

<p>
Every boy knows that in his home his parents have certain
rules, not written or printed, but stated by his father or
mother with relation to his conduct about the home, about his
school, or about his play time or vacation, when he must go
to bed, when he must arise, and with whom he may associate,
that he must not go in swimming unless accompanied by his
father, that he shall not go to the movies without the consent
<pb n='045'/><anchor id='Pg045'/>
of his mother, that he must attend Sunday school regularly,
that he must not eat with his knife, that he must be courteous
to all persons, especially the aged, that he must not play ball
in the street, and a large number of other rules and directions,
all intended for the good of the boy.
</p>

<p>
Then in school you find certain rules of conduct made by
the Board of Education or other officers, or adopted by the
teacher.
</p>

<p>
If a boy works in a store, he finds that his employer has
certain rules: the time when the store shall be opened and
closed; that the boy shall sweep the floor at certain hours;
that he may go to lunch at a certain time; that he shall not
permit other boys to pass behind the counters, etc. All of these
are illustrations of rules of conduct for children, or those under
the control, authority, or direction of some older person.
</p>

<p>
But older persons, the parents, the school officers, the teachers,
the storekeepers, and those of all other occupations are
likewise subject to rules, are under control and direction of
the Nation, the State, and the city, all having power to enforce
rules of conduct, called laws, which apply to the old
and the young. Without such rules, such laws, it would be
impossible to maintain peace and order. Without such rules,
called laws, it would be impossible to protect the weak against
the strong and the wicked.
</p>

<p>
This government being organized for the purpose of protecting
the rights and liberties of the people, it is necessary
that laws be enacted in order that our rights and liberties
shall not be taken away from us by those who may be
stronger or wiser than we are. Many laws prohibit wrongful
acts and provide a punishment for those who commit such
wrongful acts. Thus one who strikes you without justification,
one who steals your bicycle, or any other property, one
who breaks into your home, or into the store, a burglar, is
punished. One who kills another human being, a murderer, is
<pb n='046'/><anchor id='Pg046'/>
punished. A person who willfully sets fire to a building, or is
guilty of cruelty to animals, malicious mischief, or sells liquor
is punished.<note place='foot'>Laws and
rules are statements of what has been agreed upon as
proper conduct among persons who associate together. A person living
on a lonely island in the ocean with no other person near would not need
law. But as soon as two persons share the island and its fruits and
animals and plants, then certain rules need be set up for the protection
of each against the other. Where people are most closely associated, we
need the greatest number of rules or laws. People living in large cities
must more often need law than do those living in rural districts.</note>
So there are scores of different offenses forbidden
by the law, and punishments fixed for those who will not obey.
</p>

<p>
There are also laws requiring that one shall ride or drive
on the right hand side of the street when passing another
coming from the opposite direction.
</p>

<p>
There is generally in every city a law which punishes a
person who rides his bicycle upon the sidewalk. There are
laws regulating the speed of automobiles, the lights and signals,
and the turning at the corners of the street, so that
other people either walking, or riding on bicycles, or in automobiles
or other vehicles, may not receive injury.<note place='foot'>A person
may drive an automobile at twenty miles per hour on a
country road with perfect safety, but twenty miles per hour in a crowded
city would be positively dangerous to people crossing the streets. Therefore
the speed limit of five or perhaps ten miles per hour in cities.</note>
</p>

<p>
You know in this country, where every person is equal before
the law, no one person has any more right in the street
than his neighbor has, and the conduct of each in the use of
streets and sidewalks and other public places must be such
that all may enjoy equal opportunities in the use thereof.<note place='foot'>People
have as much right to walk on the sidewalks of the town
or city as do other people to drive teams and wagons or automobiles on
the streets. Each must obey the traffic laws. At crossings their rights
of passage conflict, therefore each must be on the look-out when crossing
the street. The law provides street crossings, therefore footmen must
not <q>cut the crossings</q> but go the directed way.</note>
</p>

<p>
Freedom, as already explained, does not mean a right to
do everything we wish to do. Freedom is the right to do
whatever we may wish to do, provided it does not interfere
with the right of our neighbors to have the same privileges
which we claim for ourselves.
</p>

<p>
Therefore, it is absolutely necessary to have laws fixing
the conduct of all persons; and it is necessary, in order to
enforce these laws, to punish those who will not obey them.
</p>

<p>
<emph>Who makes these laws?</emph> In America the laws are made
by the people themselves; that is, they elect representatives
to serve in Congress, in the legislatures of the States, and in
the councils of the city, who make the laws for the people
according to the wishes of the people. This you will understand
more fully as you study this representative form of
government we have in this country.
</p>

<p>
The people have the right to change any law now in existence,
<pb n='047'/><anchor id='Pg047'/>
and may also make such new laws as they think will
better protect the people in their rights.<note place='foot'>When election
time comes each year, or every two years, those
who are qualified to vote ought by all means give careful consideration
to the candidates for office and to the issues that constitute the campaign.
It requires good men to make good laws. Good men are only
chosen to office when good people interest themselves in the candidates
and attend the elections and cast intelligent votes. Good laws are properly
enforced only when good men are chosen to office.</note>
</p>

<p>
<emph>Who enforces these laws</emph>, these rules of conduct? The
rules of the home are enforced by the parents. If you violate
the rules of your parents, they impose a punishment upon
you. This punishment may not be severe, in fact it should
not be, unless your disobedience is continued and stubborn.
</p>

<p>
If you violate the rules of school, the teacher or other
school officers have the right to punish; and if you violate
the rules of your employer, he has the right to admonish
you, and of course if you do not obey, he will discharge you
and you will lose your place.
</p>

<p>
Now the rules of conduct, the laws of the Nation, the State,
or the city are enforced in this country by the people, through
their government, through the courts, presided over by judges
whom the people themselves select for that purpose. Sometimes
the punishment is severe, sometimes mild. It all depends upon
the character of the person who disobeys the law, and whether
the disobedience is stubborn or willful. Penalties are imposed,
not only to punish the wrongdoer, but as a warning to others,
that if they disobey the law, they too will be punished.
</p>

<p>
In this country all laws imposing punishment for offenses
are printed so that every one may know what the law is;
but it is not necessary that one should study each separate
law, because as a rule, your conscience will be your guide
against wrong doing. There are not many acts punished by
the State or Nation which are not morally wrong. The person
whose heart is right knows good from evil; and the person
who really tries to do right will seldom be guilty of violating
any law.
</p>

<p>
I do not expect you to learn all about the different laws.
This is not necessary. But I do expect you to understand
enough about the law to realize that we are all subject to
authority; that laws are enacted by the authority of the
<pb n='048'/><anchor id='Pg048'/>
people; that laws are absolutely necessary, and that without
laws we should have no liberty. Above all, I want you to
learn that in this country the people make the laws, and I
want you to feel absolute confidence in the power of the
people to make and enforce laws.
</p>

<p>
I hope that you will acquire a spirit of confidence and faith
in the justice of the law, and learn that submission to the
law is absolutely essential in a government of the people and
by the people.<note place='foot'><p><q>A child, an
apprentice, a pupil, a mariner, and a soldier owe
respectively obedience to the lawful commands of the parent, the master,
the teacher, the captain of the ship, and the military officer having command:
and in case of disobedience submission may be enforced by correction.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's
<hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol. II, p. 531.
</p>
<p>
<q>To obey is better than sacrifice.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>Children, obey your parents in all things; for this is well pleasing
unto the Lord.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>Servants, obey in all things your masters according to the flesh; not
with eye service, as men pleasers; but in singleness of heart, fearing God.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>Masters, give unto your servants that which is just and equal; knowing
that ye also must be obedient.</q>&mdash;Quotations from <hi rend='italic'>The Bible</hi>.
</p>
<p>
<q>The capacity of the people for self government, and their willingness,
... to submit to all needful restraints, and exactions of municipal
law, have been favorably exemplified in the history of the American
States.</q>&mdash;Martin Van Buren.
</p>
<p>
<q>Let us have faith that right makes might and in that faith let us
to the end dare do our duty as we understand it.</q>&mdash;Abraham Lincoln.
</p>
<p>
<q>Surely I do not misinterpret the spirit of the occasion when I assume
that the whole body of the people convenant with me today to support
and defend the Constitution and ... to yield a willing obedience to
all the laws, and each to every other citizen his equal civil and political
liberty.</q>&mdash;Benj. Harrison.
</p>
<p>
<q>Patriotism calls for the faithful performance of all the duties of
citizenship in small matters as well as great, at home as well as on tented
fields.</q>&mdash;William J. Bryan.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
But there are many laws, many rules of conduct, besides
those defining crimes, offenses, and the punishment of
wrongdoers.
</p>

<p>
I want to talk to you briefly about some of the laws which
affect our conduct in every day life, in matters not criminal.
I want to impress upon you how far reaching the law is as
affecting every human being in his daily conduct.<note place='foot'>We must
see ourselves as we are, moving in our daily life, guarded
and safeguarded in every act by law. Every act in life is lawful or unlawful;
that is, we are protected by the law in our every act, or we are
condemned or punished. Here are two children on their way to school,
one walking upon the sidewalk, exercising a lawful right; one riding
his bicycle upon the sidewalk, performing an unlawful act. The one is
an example of a careful law-abiding citizen, the other an example of a
law-violator.</note>
</p>

<p>
Suppose one of the girls here goes to the store to buy a
piece of cloth. How does she tell the merchant how much
cloth she wants? She, without doubt, will say that she
wants one yard, or two yards, or three yards, according to
her needs. Now how much is a yard? Of course you all
know that a yard is three feet. I suppose you all know
that a yard is the same length in every city in the United
States. We go into the store and ask for a yard of cloth in
any city in the country, with absolute confidence that we
will get for each yard, three feet in length. But how do we
know we will get three feet in length for each yard? How
do we know what we will get when we ask for a pound of
coffee, or for a ton of coal, or for a quart of milk?
</p>

<p>
These weights and measures are nearly all fixed by law.
When you come to read the Constitution of the United States,
you will find that there is conferred upon the United States
government the power to <q><emph>fix the standard of Weights and
Measures</emph></q>.<note place='foot'>Constitution
of the United States, Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 5.</note>
</p>

<pb n='049'/><anchor id='Pg049'/>

<p>
The Constitution is the fundamental law of the land. This
confers upon the United States government the right to fix all
standards of measurements and all weights and measures of
every kind. The United States government has this power. It
is not required to exercise the power, but it has the power.
</p>

<p>
The United States government has a National Bureau of
Standards,<note place='foot'>Created by an Act of Congress of March 3rd, 1901. It is a
bureau of the Department of Commerce, and is charged with comparing
the standards used in scientific investigations, commerce, and educational
institutions with standards adopted and recognized by the government.</note>
which supervises weights and measurements,
which coperates with the States, and maintains uniformity,
so that in every State, with reference to most things bought
and sold, the law fixes definitely the quantity or dimensions.
Without such laws you can see what a mass of confusion the
people would be in at all times.
</p>

<p>
Severe penalties are imposed by law upon those who give
short measure, or short weight,<note place='foot'>The
Thirty-fifth General Assembly of the State of Iowa provided
for a State Inspector of Weights and Measures whose duty is to
travel over the State and investigate conditions among those who buy
and sell, and to make arrests and prosecute those found defrauding others
by giving short weights or measures, or who sell or offer for sale spoiled
foods, or keep their shops or stores in an unsanitary condition.</note>
in order to protect buyers
against those who might defraud them.
</p>

<p>
So you see how necessary law is to the simple transactions
of life, and how we are constantly relying upon the law in
our daily transactions, to protect us against wrongdoers.
</p>

<p>
Then again, how do you know how much the silver dollar
which you are saving for Christmas is really worth? How
do you know that one dollar is as valuable as another dollar?
How do you know that the paper dollar which is in circulation
is as valuable as the silver dollar? Well, here again
when you read the Constitution of the United States, you will
find that the people, when they adopted the Constitution,
gave to the Congress of the United States the power:
</p>

<p>
<q><emph>To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign
Coin</emph></q>.<note place='foot'>Constitution of the United States, Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 5.</note>
</p>

<p>
Congress, with this power, has enacted numerous laws
with reference to the coinage of silver and gold money, the
printing of paper money, and fixing the value of such money.
How helpless the people would be without such laws.
</p>

<p>
Then how do you know that the dollar you received in
change at the grocery store is a real dollar? There are many
<pb n='050'/><anchor id='Pg050'/>
counterfeit dollars made by wrongdoers, by criminals who
seek to profit by manufacturing money themselves, sometimes
so much like the genuine, that it is almost impossible
to detect the difference. There are counterfeit bills, and
counterfeit coin, which I dare say could not be distinguished
from the genuine by any person in this room. But there are
laws enacted by Congress providing very severe punishment
for any person who makes, passes, or attempts to pass, any
counterfeit coin. For instance, if one shall make, or pass,
or attempt to pass counterfeit gold or silver coin, he may be
punished by five years imprisonment in the penitentiary.<note place='foot'><hi rend='italic'>Revised Statutes of the United States</hi>, Sec. 5413 and
following.</note>
Even for making, or passing, or attempting to pass a one cent,
two cent, three cent, or five cent piece, a person may be imprisoned
for five years. Any one who makes a die or mold designed
for the coining, or making of counterfeit coins may be
punished by imprisonment in the penitentiary for ten years.
</p>

<p>
These are severe penalties. Liberty is dear, and yet you
can see how absolutely necessary it is to have these severe
penalties in order to protect you, your father and mother,
and all other persons from being defrauded and wronged by
the use of counterfeit money which is worthless, but which
most people cannot distinguish from the genuine.
</p>

<p>
I suppose you watched for the letter carrier this morning.
Perhaps you were expecting a letter from a friend or relative.
The letter carrier came to your door. You did not
have to walk to the post office. Perhaps your friend lives
one thousand miles away. How is it possible for you to
receive a letter in perhaps a couple of days from that far
distant point? Did you ever stop to think about it? Of
course you say, <q>Well it came through the post office</q>. Yes,
but the postoffice is only a part of the great postal system
of this country, which carries your letters from one end of
the land to another for the small amount of two cents; and
we have wonderful confidence in this postal service. We
<pb n='051'/><anchor id='Pg051'/>
carelessly drop into the mail box most important letters, often
most sacred, but we have no doubt that the letter will reach
its destination safely.<note place='foot'>Very
few letters are ever lost in the mails. The writer one time
addressed a letter to a friend living in Sydney, Australia. It was mailed
at Iowa City, Iowa, and was sent east. That letter went by way of
New York, England, France, Italy, the Suez Canal, and the Indian
Ocean to Sydney, Australia. The person to whom it was sent had, in the
meantime, left Sydney and the letter failed of delivery. About three
months after being first mailed it was returned to the writer whose return
address was on the outside of the envelope. In being returned it came by
way of the Pacific Ocean to San Francisco and across the United States
from the west. The letter had encircled the globe and was returned
safely to the original sender. Pretty good work for the International
Mail System.</note>
</p>

<p>
How is it all possible? Well, again, in reading the Constitution
you will find that the people gave to Congress the
power:
</p>

<p>
<q><emph>To establish Post Offices and Post roads.</emph></q><note place='foot'>Constitution of the United States, Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 7.</note>
</p>

<p>
This power has been exercised by the enactment of many
laws by Congress providing for post offices, letter carriers,
postal clerks, railway mail service, rural routes, and many
laws severely punishing any one in the postal service who
willfully fails to perform his duties.
</p>

<p>
Persons engaged in the postal service may be sent to the
penitentiary for stealing money from the mails, stealing a
letter from the mails, for any act of dishonesty, or failure of
prescribed duty. How could the great postal service of this
country be maintained without such laws? How would the
people have the blessing of a great service of this kind without
the most carefully prepared laws made to protect the
people?
</p>

<p>
So I might go on giving numerous other illustrations of
the laws enacted by the people through their representatives,
for the benefit of the people themselves, for their comfort,
their convenience, and their protection against wrongdoers,
who might deprive them of their property, or of things still
more sacred than property.
</p>

<p>
I have only used these illustrations to impress upon you
the great truth that there is hardly any relation in life in
which the law does not have an important part. We should
realize early in life that law is absolutely necessary to guide
human conduct, to restrain wrongful conduct, to punish
wrong doing, and thus to aid in protecting us in our right
to life, liberty, and property.
</p>

<p>
These laws are not the judges' laws, nor the lawyers' laws;
<pb n='052'/><anchor id='Pg052'/>
they are the laws of the people, made for their benefit, worthy
of our most earnest support, calling upon us for loyal obedience,
demanding our respect, and inspiring our confidence.
</p>

<pb n='054'/><anchor id='Pg054'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS.
</p>

<p>
1. What is a law?
</p>

<p>
2. By whom is a law enforced?
</p>

<p>
3. Name an activity in life that the law has nothing to do with.
</p>

<p>
4. Make a list of some of the laws that your father and mother make in
your home.
</p>

<p>
5. Make a list of some of the rules of conduct found in school.
</p>

<p>
6. Go to a store in your town. Are there rules of conduct for the clerks?
What are they?
</p>

<p>
7. Who makes the rules in a home? In a school? In business institutions?
</p>

<p>
8. Upon which side of the street must a person drive? Why?
</p>

<p>
9. Who fixes the rules of measurement and weight?
</p>

<p>
10. Suppose that you buy a ton of coal and find later on that you only
received 1500 pounds. Could you do anything about it? Why should
the coal dealer be punished?
</p>

<p>
11. What would it be like if we had no laws at all?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. In imposing punishment upon a wrongdoer, what elements does the
judge consider in fixing the amount of fine or the length of punishment?
</p>

<p>
B. Why do we have our laws printed? What would be the dangers of
having secret laws concerning the nature and existence of which the
people could not obtain information?
</p>

<p>
C. What is the distinction between a rule of conduct in the home and a
law of the land?
</p>

<p>
D. List a number of laws and penalties in addition to those cited by the
judge.
</p>

<p>
E. Why cannot one have liberty without law?
</p>

<p>
F. Why are people punished when they break the law?
</p>

<p>
G. Is it ever right to break the law?
</p>

<p>
H. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
Why Breaking the Postal Laws Deserves Severe Punishment
</p>

<p>
Liberty Under the Law
</p>

<p>
The Danger of Counterfeit Money
</p>

<p>
Laws that Should Be Passed
</p>

<p>
How to Have a Law Passed
</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='055'/><anchor id='Pg055'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>VII. The Constitution</head>
<head type='sub'>Personal Guaranties Grouped Under The Title
"The Short Constitution"</head>

<p>
We now take up the subject of the Constitution of the
United States. It is important because it is the foundation of
the rights and liberties of all Americans. It relates to the
rights and liberties of everyone in this room. It is our great
charter.
</p>

<p>
Gladstone, the great English statesman, once said, <q>It is
the greatest work ever struck off at any one time by the mind
and purpose of man.</q><note place='foot'><p>There are
four general theories as to the origin of the Constitution
of the United States: (1) That it was an entirely new document. This
theory was inspired by the statement of Gladstone. People who heard
Mr. Gladstone or read of his comment on the Constitution misinterpreted
his saying and came to believe he meant that that great Constitution was
the work of the moment as conceived by the men in the convention at
Philadelphia. No one knew better than Mr. Gladstone himself that such
was not true. (2) That it was copied almost entirely after the English
constitution of that time. This was the theory of Sir Henry Maine, and
it was just as erroneous as was the common acceptance of Gladstone's
statement. There are many things in the Constitution of the United
States that were not in the English constitution of that time. (3) That
it was based entirely upon the experience of the colonists themselves.
This theory is also incorrect as the facts show that many fundamentals of
the Constitution were copied directly from the governments of European
countries. (4) That it was due to all the above influences taken together,
but that they were worked out by the colonists and the Constitution
makers in their many years of experience in making Constitutions
for the States after their independence from England, and during
the time of the Confederation.
</p>
<p>
A careful study of the debates in the convention at Philadelphia will
reveal the fact that the different governments, institutions, rulers, and
statesmen of Europe were referred to in the making of the Constitution.
</p>
<p>
During the discussions in the convention one hundred and thirty allusions
were made to the government and institutions of England. The allusions
made to France numbered nineteen. Those made to the German
States were seventeen. Those made to Holland were nineteen. Greece
was referred to thirteen times; Switzerland was alluded to five times;
and Rome was alluded to sixteen times.
</p>
<p>
The English government and institutions were held up as a model to
be imitated fifty times; as an example to be avoided, twenty-four times.
France was held up as a model three times, and as a warning five times.
Rome was cited five times as a model and seven times as a warning.
</p>
<p>
From the standpoint of training, experience, and general qualifications
for constitution makers, the delegates who sat in the Federal convention
at Philadelphia were the most remarkable group of statesmen the world
has ever seen. Sixty-five delegates were chosen, of whom fifty-five attended
the convention and of these thirty-nine signed the Constitution,
three were present but refused to sign, and thirteen were absent on the
last day. Of the fifty-five who sat in the convention, twenty-five were
from northern States and thirty from southern States. Of the thirty-nine
signers, nineteen were from the North and twenty from the South.
</p>
<p>
Of the fifty-five men thirty were college men, twenty-six had degrees,
forty-seven were afterwards prominent in public life; of the remaining
eight, at least four died soon after the close of the convention. The
most noted men were: Washington, Franklin, Hamilton, Madison, Wilson,
Patterson, Gerry, Sherman, Pinckney, and Randolph. Six men
who signed the Constitution had also signed the Declaration of Independence&mdash;Benjamin
Franklin, James Wilson, Robert Morris, and George
Clymer of Pennsylvania, Roger Sherman of Connecticut, and George
Read of Delaware.&mdash;Meyerholz's <hi rend='italic'>The Federal
Convention</hi>.</p></note> It is quite a long document. I want
every one of us to read it carefully and study it thoroughly.
</p>

<p>
The larger part of the Constitution consists of provisions
telling of the qualifications and manner of election of the
President, Senators, and congressmen, the powers and duties
of the various parts of our government, procedure of government,
and the relations of the Nation and the States.
These are important.
</p>

<p>
But more important still are the ways in which the Constitution
guarantees the rights, liberties, and privileges of all
men, women, and children who live under the American flag.
These guaranties are numerous, but they are briefly stated.
Any of us can understand them if we but read them carefully
and catch their meaning. It ought not to be difficult
to cause a person to study the things which relate to himself,
to the most important things in his own life. Liberty we prize
most dearly. Everyone of these guaranties in the Constitution
is intended to guard and protect the freedom and liberty
which you and I enjoy.<note place='foot'>Montesquieu,
a famous French writer of the eighteenth century,
tells us that political liberty consists in the security one feels in doing
whatever the law permits. However we must remember that the laws
themselves must likewise be sound.</note>
</p>

<p>
To make our task more simple, I have selected from the
<pb n='056'/><anchor id='Pg056'/>
Constitution those sections which deal with our privileges as
American citizens. You can see them in the copy of the
Constitution which you have. (See page <ref target='Pg217'>217</ref>.) I have
grouped these together and for convenience I shall call it
<q>The Short Constitution</q>. As you can see, there is nothing
in it that is not in the original Constitution. It is just as if
I had taken a pair of shears, cut out these phrases from the
Constitution, and pasted them together. It makes it more
convenient for us.
</p>

<p>
Take this <q>Short Constitution</q> home with you. Bring it
with you when you come to school. Talk with your father
and mother about it. It may be that sometime a knowledge
of these rights that every American citizen now has may save
to you your home, your freedom, or your life.
</p>

<p>
Now I am going to read this:
</p>

<p>
THE SHORT CONSTITUTION
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
Article I (<hi rend='italic'>Amendment I.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment
of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;
or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press;
or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to
petition the Government for a redress of grievances.<note place='foot'>We
must notice that Article I of <q>The Short Constitution</q> commences,
<q><hi rend='italic'>Congress shall make no law</hi></q> etc., which means that these first
eight amendments to the Constitution of the United States apply only
to the Federal government, and are limitations on the powers of Congress
rather than on the powers of the States. However most States have
similar provisions in their Constitutions.</note>
</p>

<p>
Article II (<hi rend='italic'>Amendment II.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security
of a free State, the right of the people to keep
and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.
</p>

<p>
Article III (<hi rend='italic'>Amendment III.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
No Soldier shall, in time of peace, be quartered in any
house, without the consent of the Owner, nor in time
of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law.
</p>

<pb n='057'/><anchor id='Pg057'/>

<p>
Article IV (<hi rend='italic'>Amendment IV.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
The right of the people to be secure in their persons,
houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable
searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no
Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported
by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing
the place to be searched, and the persons or things
to be seized.
</p>

<p>
Article V (<hi rend='italic'>Amendment V.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or
otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or
indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising in
the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual
service in time of War or public danger; nor shall any
person be subject for the same offence to be twice put
in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in
any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor
be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due
process of law; nor shall private property be taken for
public use, without just compensation.
</p>

<p>
Article VI (<hi rend='italic'>Amendment VI.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy
the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial
jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall
have been committed, which district shall have been
previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of
the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted
with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory
process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to
have the Assistance of Counsel for his defence.
</p>

<p>
Article VII (<hi rend='italic'>Amendment VII.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
In suits at common law, where the value in controversy
shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by
<pb n='058'/><anchor id='Pg058'/>
jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a jury shall
be otherwise re-examined in any Court of the United
States, than according to the rules of the common law.
</p>

<p>
Article VIII (<hi rend='italic'>Amendment VIII.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive
fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.
</p>

<p>
Article IX (<hi rend='italic'>Amendment IX.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights,
shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained
by the people.
</p>

<p>
Article X (<hi rend='italic'>Amendment X.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people.<note place='foot'>Article
X is important because it tells in a few words the exact
relation of the States to the Federal government.</note>
</p>

<p>
Article XI (<hi rend='italic'>Amendment XIII, Sec. 1.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a
punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or
any place subject to their jurisdiction.
</p>

<p>
Article XII (<hi rend='italic'>Amendment XIV, Sec. 1.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
All persons born or naturalized in the United States,
and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of
the United States and of the State wherein they reside.
No State shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the
United States; nor shall any State deprive any person
of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law;
nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws.
</p>

<pb n='059'/><anchor id='Pg059'/>

<p>
Article XIII (<hi rend='italic'>Amendment XV, Sec. 1.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall
not be denied or abridged by the United States, or by
any State on account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude.
</p>

<p>
Article XIV (<hi rend='italic'>Art. I, Sec. 9, Cl. 2.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
The Privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not
be suspended, unless when in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion,
the public Safety may require it.
</p>

<p>
Article XV (<hi rend='italic'>Art. I, Sec. 9, Cl. 3.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto law shall be
passed.
</p>

<p>
Article XVI (<hi rend='italic'>Art. I, Sec. 9, Cl. 8.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United
States: And no Person holding any Office of Profit or
Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress,
accept of any present, Emolument, Office or Title
of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign
State.
</p>

<p>
Article XVII (<hi rend='italic'>Art. III, Sec. 2, Cl. 3.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
The trial of all Crimes except in Cases of Impeachment,
shall be by Jury, and such Trial shall be held in
the State where the said Crimes shall have been committed;
but when not committed within any State, the
Trial shall be at such Place or Places as the Congress
may by Law have directed.
</p>

<p>
Article XVIII (<hi rend='italic'>Art. III, Sec. 3, Cl. 1.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
Treason against the United States, shall consist only
in levying War against them, or in adhering to their
<pb n='060'/><anchor id='Pg060'/>
Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No person shall
be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two
witnesses to the same overt Act or on Confession in
open Court.
</p>

<p>
The Congress shall have power to declare the Punishment
of Treason, but no Attainder of Treason shall
work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except during
the Life of the Person attainted.
</p>

<p>
Article XIX (<hi rend='italic'>Art. IV, Sec. 2, Cl. 1.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges
and Immunities of Citizens in the several States.
</p>

<p>
Article XX (<hi rend='italic'>Art. VI, Cl. 3.</hi>)
</p>

<p>
No religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification
to any Office or public Trust under the United
States.
</p>
</quote>

<p>
Now that is not long, is it? Yet in this brief part of
the Constitution are contained provisions the most important
for the common people ever written by the hand of man in
all the history of the world. In some countries of the world
people have some of the rights and privileges guaranteed
by our Constitution, but in no other country in the world do
the people have a written guaranty of all the rights, privileges,
and liberties set forth in these short extracts from the
Constitution of the United States.
</p>

<p>
I want you all to get fixed in your minds the date of the
adoption of the original Constitution by the convention&mdash;1787.<note place='foot'>Article V of the main body of the Constitution provides that when
nine States should ratify the Constitution, it should be established as the
frame of government. The first State to ratify was Delaware, December
7, 1787; the ninth State was New Hampshire, June 21, 1788; and the
last State was Rhode Island, May 29, 1790.</note>
That was more than a century and a quarter ago.
</p>

<p>
I want every child to understand just why the Constitution
was made, how it was made, something of the men that
made it, and how the people of the States approved of the
Constitution before it became binding.
</p>

<p>
I also want you to understand something of the
<pb n='061'/><anchor id='Pg061'/>
changes and additions made by the people since the Constitution
was first adopted. I want you to understand that it is
the Constitution of the people, the whole people, and I want
you to know that the people can change the Constitution or
make additions to it whenever they want to.<note place='foot'><p>George
Washington expressed the vast importance of this thought
when he said: <q><hi rend='italic'>The basis of our political system is the right of the
people to make or alter their constitution of government.</hi></q>
</p>
<p>
<q>The Constitution is itself in every rational sense and to every useful
purpose a bill of rights.</q>&mdash;Alexander Hamilton.
</p>
<p>
<q>Much of the strength and efficiency of any government in procuring
and securing happiness to the people depends on opinion, on the general
opinion of the goodness of the government, as well as of the wisdom and
integrity of its governors. I hope, therefore, for our own sakes, as a
part of the people and for the sake of our posterity, that we shall act
heartily and unanimously in recommending this Constitution wherever
our influence may extend, and turn our future thoughts and endeavors to
the means of having it well administered.</q>&mdash;Benjamin Franklin.
</p>
<p>
<q>In the fullness of time a Republic rose up in the wilderness of
America. Thousands of years had passed away before this child of the
ages could be born. From whatever there was of good in the systems of
former centuries, she drew her nourishment; the wrecks of the past were
her warnings. The wisdom which had passed from India through
Greece, with what Greece had added of her own, the jurisprudence of
Rome, the mediaeval municipalities, the Teutonic method of representation,
the political experience of England, the benignant wisdom of the
expositors of the law of nature and of nations in France and Holland,
all shed on her their selectest influence. Out of all the discoveries of
statesmen and sages, out of all the experience of past human life, she
compiled a perennial political philosophy, the primordial principles of
national ethics&mdash;she sought the vital elements of social forms and blended
them harmoniously in the free commonwealth which comes nearest to
the illustration of the natural equality of all men. She entrusted the
guardianship of established rights to law; the movement of reform to
the spirit of the people and drew her force from the happy reconciliation
of both.</q>&mdash;George Bancroft.
</p>
<p>
<q>In spite of its supposed precision, and its subjection to judicial construction,
our constitution has always been indirectly made to serve
the turn of that sort of legislation which its friends call progressive, and
its enemies call revolutionary, quite as effectively as though Congress
had the omnipotence of parliament. The theory of the latent powers to
carry out those granted has been found elastic enough to satisfy almost
any party demands in time of peace, to say nothing of its enormous extensions
in time of war.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>The Nation</hi>, November 7, 1872, No. 384, p. 300.
</p>
<p>
<q>Our fathers by an almost divine prescience, struck the golden mean.</q>&mdash;Pomeroy's
<hi rend='italic'>An Introduction to the Constitutional History of the
United States</hi>, p. 102.
</p>
<p>
<q>It (the United States Constitution) ranks above every other written
Constitution for the intrinsic excellence of its scheme, its adaptation to
the circumstances of the people, the simplicity, brevity and precision of
its language, its judicious mixture of definition in principle with elasticity
in details. One is induced to ask, to what causes, over and above the
capacity of its authors and the patient toil they bestowed upon it, these
merits are due, or in other words, what were the materials at the command
of the Philadelphia Convention for the achievement of so great
an enterprise as the creation of a nation by means of an instrument of
government. The American Constitution is no exception to the rule that
everything which has power to win the obedience and respect of men
must have its roots deep in the past, and that the more slowly every
institution has grown, so much the more enduring it is likely to prove.
There is little in this Constitution that is absolutely new. There is much
that is as old as Magna Charta.</q>&mdash;James Bryce, author of <hi rend='italic'>The American
Commonwealth</hi>.
</p>
<p>
<q>Let reverence for the law be breathed by every mother to the lisping
babe that prattles on her lap; let it be taught in schools, seminaries, and
colleges; let it be written in primers, spelling books and almanacs; let
it be preached from pulpits, and proclaimed in legislative halls, and enforced
in courts of justice; let it become the political religion of the
nation.</q>&mdash;Abraham Lincoln.
</p>
<p>
<q>The Constitution, which may at first be confounded with the Federal
Constitutions which have preceded it, rests in truth upon a wholly novel
theory&mdash;a great discovery in modern political science. In all the Confederations
which have preceded the American Constitution of 1787, the
Allied States ... agreed to obey the injunctions of a federal government;
but they reserved to themselves the right of ordaining and enforcing
the laws of the Union....</q> (The American government, he
explains, claims directly the allegiance of every citizen, and acts upon
each directly through its own courts and officers.) <q>This difference has
produced the most momentous consequences.</q>&mdash;Tocqueville's
<hi rend='italic'>Democracy
in America</hi>.
</p>
<p>
<q>It will be the wonder and admiration of all future generations and
the model of all future constitutions.</q>&mdash;William Pitt, after reading the
Constitution of the United States.
</p>
<p>
<q>The Constitution of the United States is by far the most important
production of its kind in human history. It created, without historic
precedent, a federal-national government It combined national strength
with individual liberty in a degree so remarkable as to attract the world's
admiration. Never before in the history of man had a government
struck so fine a balance between liberty and union, between state rights
national sovereignty. The world had labored for ages to solve this
greatest of all governmental problems, but it had labored in vain. Greece
in her mad clamor for liberty had forgotten the need of the strength
that union brings, and she perished. Rome fostered union, nationality,
for its strength, until it became a tyrant and strangled the child liberty.
It was left for our own Revolutionary fathers to strike the balance between
these opposing forces to join them in a perpetual wedlock in such
a way as to secure the benefits of both. They selected the best things
that had been tried and proved. Hence their great success, hence the
fact that 132 years after its signing, this same Constitution is still the
supreme law of the land and more deeply imbedded in the American heart
than ever.</q>&mdash;Henry William Elson.
</p>
<p>
<q>The Constitution is not an arbitrary, unchangeable document, but
can be adapted to meet new conditions whenever the people decide. It
should be upheld because under its wise provisions the United States
has developed into a great nation of happy and prosperous people; because
it contains sacred guarantees of protection for the individual; and
because it affords freedom and opportunity for every citizen, whether
native-born or naturalized. American citizenship securely rests upon its
firm foundation.</q>&mdash;Henry Litchfield West.
</p>
<p>
<q>The Federal Constitution, the whole of it, is nothing but a code of the
people's liberties, political and civil. The Constitution is not a mass of
rules, but the very substance of our freedom, not obsolete; but in every
part alive; more needful now than ever, and as fitted to our needs.</q>&mdash;Stimson's
<hi rend='italic'>The American Constitution</hi>.
</p>
<p>
<q>No other country in the world possesses the guarantees of individual
liberty and inherent rights that are accorded by the Constitution of the
United States.</q>&mdash;David Jayne Hill's <hi rend='italic'>The People's Government</hi>.
</p>
<p>
<q>We need not view with apprehension or even regret the gradual
adaptation of the Constitution to the ever-changing needs from generation
to generation of the most progressive nation in the world. The Constitution
is not a static institution. It is neither, on the one hand, a sandy
beach, which is quickly destroyed by the erosion of the waves, nor, on
the other hand, is it a Gibralter rock which wholly resists the ceaseless
washing of time and circumstances. Its strength lies in its adaptability
to slow and progressive change. While the necessity of change may be
recognised in the non-essentials, yet the Constitution was based upon
certain fundamental principles which were not thus changeable. These
times should not wither nor custom stale. While the great compact apparently
dealt only with very concrete and practical details of government
in the very simplest language, and carefully avoided anything that
savored of visionary doctrinarism, yet, behind these simply but wonderfully
phrased delegations of power, was a broad and accurate political
philosophy, which constitutes the true doctrine of American Government.
Its principles are of eternal verity. They are founded upon the inalienable
rights of man. They are not the thing of the day or temporary
circumstance. If they are destroyed, then the spirit of our government
is gone, even if the form survive.</q>&mdash;James M. Beck.
</p>
<p>
<q>The Constitution remains the surest and safest foundation for a free
government that the wit of man has yet devised.</q>&mdash;Nicholas Murray
Butler.
</p>
<p>
<q>I believe there is no finer form of government than the one under
which we live, and that I ought to be willing to live or die, as God decrees,
that it may not perish from the earth through treachery within or
through assault without.</q>&mdash;Thomas R. Marshall.
</p>
<p>
<q>Although not a citizen of your great country, I am heart and soul
with you and your associates in the glorious fight you are making for
the preservation of your peerless Constitution, which has made your
country what it is, and which is today the brightest hope of mankind.</q>&mdash;Baron
Rosen, formerly Russian Ambassador to the United States of
America.
</p>
<p>
<q>Under the American Constitution was realized the sublime conception
of a nation in which every citizen lives under two complete and well-rounded
systems of laws,&mdash;the state law and the federal law&mdash;each with
its legislature, its executive, and its judiciary moving one within the
other, noiselessly, and without friction. It was one of the longest reaches
of constructive statesmanship ever known in the world. There never
was anything quite like it before, and in Europe it needs much explanation
even for educated statesmen who have never seen its workings.
Yet to America it has become so much a matter of course that they, too,
sometimes need to be told how much it signifies. <emph>In 1787 it was the
substitution of law for violence between states that were partly sovereign.
In some future still grander convention we trust the same thing
will be done between states that have been wholly sovereign, whereby
peace may gain and violence be diminished over other lands than this
which has set the example.</emph></q>&mdash;John Fiske, in 1888.
</p></note>
</p>

<p>
So at our next meeting I am going to tell you something
of the making of the Constitution.
</p>

<pb n='065'/><anchor id='Pg065'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Compare <q>The Short Constitution</q> on pages 56-60 with the complete
Constitution found at the back of the book.
</p>

<p>
2. Why were these parts selected from the entire Constitution? Is
there any similarity in the various parts selected?
</p>

<p>
3. What are the most important provisions of the Constitution of the
United States?
</p>

<p>
4. Do the guaranties of the Constitution protect the rights of all people
living in America, or do they apply only to a few favored classes?
</p>

<p>
5. What was the date of the adoption of the original Constitution?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. Why are we interested in our rights?
</p>

<p>
B. What are the dangers of talking too much about our rights?
</p>

<p>
C. Make a list of a duty to correspond with each right selected.
</p>

<p>
D. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
The Officials Provided by the Constitution
</p>

<p>
The American Bill of Rights
</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='066'/><anchor id='Pg066'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>VIII. Making The Constitution</head>
<head type='sub'>How The Convention Of 1787 Drafted The Constitution
Of The United States</head>

<p>
You will remember from your study of American history
that when the early colonists came to this country they settled
along the Atlantic coast in many separate and distinct
groups. Not all had come from the same country. Most of
them were English, but there were also smaller settlements
of Dutch, French, Germans, and Swedes. It was not many
years until the English had taken control of all the land
from Maine to Georgia, but even then not all the English
were alike. There were Puritans and Cavaliers, Scotch and
Irish, Scotch-Irish and Quakers. They differed in their
ideas of government, religion, and education.
</p>

<p>
These colonists had come for many purposes. Some had
come to make their fortune. Others because of trouble at
home. Most had come to be free, to worship God in the
way they chose, to form their own government, to make their
own laws, to govern themselves; and in the early days, they
had met with success.
</p>

<p>
But as time went on, as more people came, as ships were
built, and trade and commerce increased, the government
of England became more and more tyrannical. The English
people may not have favored this, but they did not
direct the acts of their king and his officers. Taxes were
placed on the colonists without their consent. They were
forced to accept laws not of their own choosing. The king
refused them the right to select their own judges. They
could not trade where they pleased. If you will read the
<pb n='067'/><anchor id='Pg067'/>
Declaration of Independence you will see how their liberties
were restricted.<note place='foot'><p>The
English government forced laws upon the colonies to restrict
trade and manufactures, to place a standing army in America, and to raise
taxes. The tax laws were denounced as illegal by the colonists, who
argued that they were not represented in Parliament.
</p>
<p>
Read the charges made against the king and the government of England
in the Declaration of Independence.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
All this time the various colonies were as separate as so
many distinct countries. They did not know each other.
There was little travel from one to another. They were
quite different. But they were alike in the fact that each
wanted liberty, and that each was subject to oppression
from the English king.
</p>

<p>
So from time to time we find them sending delegates to
some common meeting place to discuss a plan of action. In
1754 a group met at Albany to suggest a plan of union. In
1765 England passed the Stamp Act which put a tax upon
certain articles such as books, newspapers, and playing cards.
A person could not sell one of these articles without pasting
upon it one of these stamps, the money from which went to
England as a tax. It was much like our war tax upon tooth
paste, shaving soap, and playing cards. The difference was
this. The colonists had never given the right to make this
tax. It had been imposed upon them by England; and
further, if a person were accused of selling a book or newspaper
without this stamp, he could be severely punished.<note place='foot'>Read
the famous speech made by James Otis against the Stamp
Act in the Stamp Act Congress in New York, October, 1765. See
<hi rend='italic'>American History Leaflets</hi>.</note>
This enraged the colonists, and in New York in the following
year, there met a group of delegates from nearly all the
colonies to discuss ways and means of meeting this.
</p>

<p>
Again in 1774, conditions having become worse, delegates
from twelve colonies met at Philadelphia at the First
Continental Congress to consider the grievances against Great
Britain. The Second Continental Congress following it carried
on the first years of the Revolutionary War. It drafted
and adopted the Declaration of Independence. It raised and
provided for the armies, and brought the States together.
</p>

<p>
But it needed a kind of constitution. So in 1777 the
Articles of Confederation were drawn up and adopted by
Congress and by 1781 all the States had finally adopted
<pb n='068'/><anchor id='Pg068'/>
them. But they were inadequate. Each of the thirteen
States wanted all the power in its own hands.<note place='foot'><p>The
following were the fundamental defects of the Articles of
Confederation.
</p>
<p>
a. They did not provide for a central executive, and there was no
supreme executive to enforce the laws.
</p>
<p>
b. No provision was made for a central judiciary, and each State
interpreted the Federal laws as it saw fit.
</p>
<p>
c. They permitted concurrent legislation on vital subjects: i. e. each
State could legislate as it pleased on such subjects as tariff,
foreign treaties, currency, etc.
</p>
<p>
d. They permitted each State to regulate its own coinage and there
were at one time at least fourteen different kinds of coins in the
thirteen States. This greatly interfered with trade.
</p>
<p>
e. They gave Congress no power to enforce the observance of treaties.
Congress could pass laws but could not enforce them.
</p>
<p>
f. They gave Congress no power to coerce a State&mdash;it could only
recommend to the States.
</p>
<p>
g. They required a two-thirds vote on all questions in Congress,
and votes were cast by States. Most bills may pass the present
Congress by a majority vote.
</p>
<p>
h. Congress could not reach the individual to punish him for crime
committed against the Federal government, except through the
State in which the crime was committed. Often the States refused
to act.
</p>
<p>
i. The Articles could not be amended without the consent of all
of the States. Several times one State defeated the amendment
of the Articles.
</p></note>
</p>

<p>
You cannot blame them. Picture to yourself these little
settlements down on the Atlantic Coast. All together they
did not have as many people as there are in the State of New
Jersey to-day. They and their fathers had left their homes
and traveled thousands of miles over stormy seas to find
liberty. They themselves had fought a long war against
England to make themselves free. They did not wish to
give up these powers.<note place='foot'>The small
States having only small areas and therefore less room
for settlers, were afraid of any form of union government which gave
the States proportional representation in Congress. These small States
declared they would not ratify the Articles of Confederation until those
States having large areas of western lands would agree to cede those
lands to the Federal government. The seven States holding western
lands agreed to cede their lands in January, 1781, and on March 1st,
Maryland as the last State ratified the Articles of Confederation.</note>
</p>

<p>
But the wiser people in the different States saw that to
form a more perfect union it was necessary to grant the central
government more powers, and to fix forever certain
rights which every American citizen should enjoy throughout
the years to come. So the people selected men as their
representatives and authorized them to meet with the representatives
from other States at Philadelphia in 1787 to draw
up a plan of government which would be strong enough to
hold the country together and govern it effectively.
</p>

<p>
Now who were these men? They were men who were
selected by their neighbors to represent them, just as men are
elected to-day to represent us in the legislature of our State
or in Congress. To be sure, in those days not all men were
allowed the right to vote. In some States a man had to
have a certain amount of money before he could vote. In
others men of certain religious faiths were not allowed to vote.
But the delegates to the Constitutional Convention were men
who were fairly representative of all the people. When we
consider the work that they did, that they wrote our Constitution,
that they were able to do this at the time they did,
we must feel that a wise Providence guided their selection
and inspired them in their wonderful work.
</p>

<p>
There in Independence Hall in Philadelphia were Benjamin
Franklin and George Washington, James Madison and
<pb n='069'/><anchor id='Pg069'/>
Edmund Randolph, Alexander Hamilton and Gouverneur
Morris. Almost all the prominent men of the time took part.<note place='foot'><p>The
various States chose a total of sixty-five delegates to attend
the Federal convention at Philadelphia. Of these, fifty-five actually sat
in the convention. Of the entire number, forty-two were present on
the last day and thirty-nine signed the Constitution.
</p>
<p>
Of the fifty-five who sat in the convention, twenty-five were from
north of the Mason and Dixon Line, or from the northern States, and
thirty were from the southern States. Of the thirty-nine signers, nineteen
were from the North and twenty from the South. The three who
refused to sign were Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts and Edmund Randolph
and George Mason of Virginia. These three men thought the
Constitution gave too much power to the central government and did not
leave enough to the States.
</p>
<p>
Eight of the men who signed the Constitution were of foreign birth.
They were Alexander Hamilton, William Patterson, James Wilson,
Robert Morris, James McHenry, Thomas Fitzsimons, William R. Davie,
and Pierce Butler. You will notice that Hamilton, Wilson, Patterson,
and Morris were among the most influential men in the convention.
Many of America's greatest men have been of foreign birth.
</p>
<p>
The oldest man in the convention was Benjamin Franklin who was
eighty-one years of age. The youngest man was Jonathan Dayton of
New Jersey who was only twenty-seven. Charles Pinckney was twenty-nine
years old, and Alexander Hamilton was thirty. The average age
of the entire membership in the convention was 43-2/5 years.
</p>
<p>
The membership in the convention included a remarkable group of
men&mdash;in fact the most remarkable group of statesmen that ever assembled
for the making of a constitution. They had gained their experience
in five different ways: colonial legislatures, State legislatures,
State conventions, Continental Congresses, and in the Congress of the
Confederation. Six of them had the honor of having signed the Declaration
of Independence&mdash;Benjamin Franklin, James Wilson, Robert Morris,
Roger Sherman, George Read, and George Clymer. Thirty delegates
were college men and twenty-six had degrees.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
They took the best that they knew of the experience of
the human race in government, especially the experience of
England and America, and from this they drew up the Constitution
of the United States, the foundation of the government
under which we live.<note place='foot'>A careful
study of the debates in the Federal convention will
reveal the following allusions to the government and institutions of other
countries. A total of two hundred and twenty-three allusions were made
to the governments of Europe, the most important of which were the
following: one hundred and thirty allusions were made to England, of
which fifty were commendatory, and twenty-four were warnings; nineteen
allusions were made to France, of which five were commendatory
and three were warnings; Germany, or rather the German States, had
seventeen allusions; Holland had twenty allusions; Greece had twenty-five;
Rome had twenty-six. The two hundred and twenty-three allusions
were made in such way as to indicate that the delegates were widely
read in both government and history.</note>
</p>

<p>
When they had finished their work&mdash;that part of the Constitution
which precedes the amendments&mdash;they submitted
it to the States. They were very careful to see to it that the
people themselves should approve of this. So instead of having
the usual legislature of each State vote upon it, they provided
that the people of each State should elect delegates for
a special convention, the sole purpose of which was to decide
whether or not they would like to live under a government
like this.<note place='foot'><p>The
Constitution in Article VII says, <q>The Ratification of the
Conventions of nine States shall be sufficient for the Establishment of
this Constitution between the States so ratifying the Same.</q>
</p>
<p>
The first State to ratify was Delaware on December 7, 1787. New
Hampshire, the ninth State, ratified on June 21, 1788, and Rhode Island,
the last, on May 29, 1790.</p></note> These conventions, elected by the people
for this special purpose, met and one after another, often
after a bitter struggle, ratified the Constitution. The chief
objection was that the rights of all Americans were not
clearly stated.
</p>

<p>
So at the first meeting of Congress, the first ten amendments&mdash;our
American Bill of Rights&mdash;were adopted and
in 1791 they were ratified by the States. Since then the
Constitution has been rarely amended. In 1798 and in
1804 the eleventh and twelfth amendments regarding the
courts and the election of the President were adopted. After
the Civil War three amendments were adopted regarding
the problem of the negro citizen. Since then we have added
changes regarding the income tax, the election of United
States Senators, and prohibition. The last amendment,
dealing with the extension of the vote to women, was ratified
by Tennessee as the thirty-sixth State on August 18, 1920.
</p>

<p>
To-day then, our government is founded upon the Constitution
made shortly after the Revolutionary War. It represents
<pb n='070'/><anchor id='Pg070'/>
the aims and ambitions of the fathers of our country.
They came to this land to be free. They suffered persecution.
They threw off the yoke of the oppressor. They established
a government of the people, by the people, for the
people. The people selected the men who drew it up. They
selected the men who amended it. Our task is to understand
what it means, to obey it, and protect it.
</p>

<p>
The lofty purpose of the fathers of the republic in establishing
this, the first real government by the people, is expressed
in these thrilling words:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>We the people of the United States, in Order to form a
more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility,
provide for the common defence, promote the general
Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves
and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this CONSTITUTION
for the United States of America.</hi></q>
</p>

<pb n='072'/><anchor id='Pg072'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Why did the early settlers come to America?
</p>

<p>
2. From what countries did they come? Which countries were most
important?
</p>

<p>
3. Why did they become dissatisfied with English rule here?
</p>

<p>
4. Why did they wish to unite? Name some of the earlier attempts
at union.
</p>

<p>
5. When was the Stamp Act passed? What was it supposed to do?
Why did the colonists object?
</p>

<p>
6. Why were the Articles of Confederation not satisfactory?
</p>

<p>
7. What was the meeting in Philadelphia in 1787? How were the
representatives at this meeting chosen? How did they try to see
that the representatives at this meeting actually represented the
people?
</p>

<p>
8. How was the Constitution ratified by the people? In what way
did they try to make it the actual will of the people?
</p>

<p>
9. When was our Bill of Rights passed?
</p>

<p>
10. What amendments have been added to the Constitution since 1791?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. How did the makers of the Constitution guard against the abuses
cited in the Declaration of Independence?
</p>

<p>
B. How were the defects in the Articles of Confederation guarded
against and remedied?
</p>

<p>
C. What experience had the makers of the Constitution had which enabled
them to prepare so successful a document?
</p>

<p>
D. Would you say that Gladstone's statement, <q>It is the greatest
work ever struck off at any one time by the mind and purpose of
man</q> was literally true?
</p>

<p>
E. How did the allusions to other countries made during the convention
show the advantage of America's being a <q>melting pot</q>?
</p>

<p>
F. What people were allowed to vote at the time of the adoption of the
Constitution?
</p>

<p>
G. What were the chief objections urged against ratification of the
Constitution?
</p>

<p>
H. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
Why the People Needed a Constitution
</p>

<p>
The Main Points Included
</p>

<p>
A Comparison of the Work Done Then and the Outline Made in
Answers to Questions J Chapter Two
</p>

<p>
George Washington
</p>

<p>
Benjamin Franklin
</p>

<p>
Alexander Hamilton
</p>

<p>
James Madison
</p>

</quote>

</div>

<pb n='073'/><anchor id='Pg073'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>IX. Freedom</head>
<head type='sub'>How Freedom Of Worship, Speech, The Press, And
Assembly Are Guaranteed</head>

<p>
This morning we begin the consideration of what I believe
to be the most important of all the subjects we have
talked about. I think people are more interested in their
privileges and rights than they are in their duties. In fact
we hear a great deal and we read a great deal about <q>rights</q>,
but we do not find very much said on the streets, in the
homes, or in the newspapers about our <q>duties</q>.<note place='foot'>Every
right begets a duty. The more rights our government gives
us, the more duties are imposed upon each one of us. In an absolute
monarchy the people have very few rights and they also have very few
duties to perform. In democracies like the United States the people
have a right to participate in government, they also have the duty of
becoming intelligent and becoming acquainted with the various details of
the administration of government. When people have a right to participate
in government, they have the duty of attending every election and
casting an intelligent ballot. Where people have a right to make law,
they must accept the duty of helping enforce law. Where people have
freedom of religious belief and worship, they must refrain from interfering
in the belief of other people. Where they have freedom of speech
and press, they must protect other people in that same right. Where
people have the right of trial in a legally constituted court of law, they
must refrain from mob rule or from lynch law. The greater the privileges
given a people by law, the greater are their duties to see that law is
always respected and carefully enforced.</note>
</p>

<p>
Now we have considered in a very general way the nature
of our government and something of our powers and duties
under the Constitution. I know that you will be interested
in considering our rights and privileges under the Constitution
of the United States.
</p>

<p>
Always keep in mind that each State has a Constitution,
and that the Nation has a Constitution, that the Constitution
of the United States covers the entire Nation, not only the
original thirteen colonies, but the present forty-eight States,
and that any States that may hereafter be brought in the
Union will have as their fundamental law the Constitution
adopted by the people in the long ago.<note place='foot'>The
government of the United States is a dual government. There
is a State government within each State, which is supreme over the
affairs of that State alone. Then there is a Federal government which
is supreme and sovereign throughout the entire United States in all
those affairs which the Federal Constitution gives to the control of the
Federal government. The <emph>police power</emph> of a State is commonly defined
as the power of a State to control all of its domestic internal affairs.
The Federal government is not permitted to interfere with the police
powers of the States.</note>
</p>

<p>
Also always keep in mind that the Nation has certain powers,
and that the Constitution of the United States is supreme
only as to the things over which the United States as
a Nation has control.
</p>

<p>
But it is important to bear in mind that the great principles
of the Constitution of the United States have been carried
into the Constitutions of the various States, and that
the rights and privileges of the people under the Constitution
<pb n='074'/><anchor id='Pg074'/>
of the United States have also to a large extent been
guaranteed by the Constitutions of the States.<note place='foot'><q>No
state allows its government to dictate to any one what church
he shall attend or compels him to contribute to the support of any
church, the establishment of state churches being everywhere forbidden.
No person is disqualified from holding office or exercising legal rights
because of his religious views, although a very few states make belief
in the Deity a requisite for holding certain state offices.</q>&mdash;Hart's <hi rend='italic'>Actual
American Government</hi>, Sec. 13.</note>
</p>

<p>
This morning we take up a constitutional guaranty which
you perhaps have not thought much about, but which is one
of the most important in the whole Constitution&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Freedom
of Worship</hi>. The Constitution provides:
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'><q>Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment
of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.</q></hi><note place='foot'>Constitution of the United States, Amendment I.</note>
</p>

<p>
As we look back through the history of the world we are
startled to find that this was the first written guaranty that
the people of any nation ever had permitting them to worship
God according to the dictates of their own conscience.<note place='foot'>Church
and state are wholly separated in the United States. When
a man takes office, no one asks him to what church he belongs, or what
his faith is. If a man wants to believe in the religions of India or
China, no officer of the National government has a right to interfere
with him, providing he does not violate a law of the land. Religious
tolerance is a growth. The Puritans who founded New England, although
they fled to America because of religious persecutions, did not
practice religious tolerance in the New World.</note>
</p>

<p>
Now some of you may not realize how important this is;
but there is nothing so dear to the human heart as the right,
the privilege, of belonging to that church and worshipping
God in that manner which each individual may desire. We
do not realize the value of such a privilege until some one,
or some power, seeks to take it away from us. All through
the world men and women and children have fought, and
many of them have died, for this privilege. It was the custom
of the nations of the world before our Constitution to
have an established religion, a National religion, and in
many of the countries it was the law that every one must belong
to the state church, and must actually believe in the
religion of the state. In fact, in many countries, refusal to
believe in the religion of the state was punished by death&mdash;sometimes
by burning to death, and I am sure you will be
surprised to realize that while America was first settled by
people who were seeking religious freedom, they were still
so imbued with a feeling of the old days that persons must
worship, not as their conscience might dictate, but as the
state might dictate, that for many years in this country in
certain of the colonies a state religion was recognized, and
<pb n='075'/><anchor id='Pg075'/>
obligation to conform to the established religion enforced by
severe penalties.
</p>

<p>
In the colony of Virginia the established or state church
existed, and it was the law that any person who did not conform
thereto should be punished by burning to death. This
is startling, isn't it, to hear of such a brutal law upon American
soil? Virginia afterwards became the pioneer in legislation
establishing freedom of worship, but it took the most
strenuous efforts of Thomas Jefferson through many years
to finally wipe out these cruel laws and establish freedom of
worship.<note place='foot'><q>The witchcraft
craze at Salem, Massachusetts, in 1692, is commonly
thought to have been the legitimate outgrowth of the gloomy religion
of the Puritans. Nineteen persons were hanged or burned at the
stake for having bewitched children. One was crushed to death under
heavy weights because he would not confess that he was possessed of the
devil. From the time of King John down to 1712, innocent lives
were constantly sacrificed in England on this charge.</q>&mdash;Thwaites's <hi rend='italic'>The
Colonies</hi>, p. 190.</note>
</p>

<p>
The Virginia statute granting absolute freedom of worship
was the first ever adopted in the history of the world by
any state or nation, the first guaranty of the right. Freedom
of worship had existed before this in Maryland under
the generous rule of Lord Baltimore, but the first formal
statute was adopted in Virginia.
</p>

<p>
Now your teachers tell me that in this school the pupils
belong to sixteen different churches. I suppose each one of
you thinks that the church to which he belongs is better
than any of the others. I hope you do. I hope that every
child is sincere in his religious belief, whatever it may be.
But how would you feel if some representative of the State
should come here this morning, and announce that a law
had been passed by which every pupil must belong to the
Baptist, the Methodist, the Catholic, or the Jewish church?
How would you feel if a law were to be read to you which provided
that unless you changed your religious belief and adopted
some other, you would be burned to death out here on the
hillside? You can hardly believe that such a thing would
be possible in any age of the world; and yet never forget
that the foregoing provision which I have read from the
Constitution of the United States was the first declaration of
<pb n='076'/><anchor id='Pg076'/>
the right of the people of a whole Nation to worship God
according to their own will, their own conscience.
</p>

<p>
The declaration of this great right by the Constitution of
the United States has been in full force ever since the adoption
of the Constitution, not only as a National law, but
similar provisions have been made the policy, usually by the
Constitution, of every State in the Union. What a glorious
thing it is to live in a Nation and in an age where no man,
no state, and no power can tell you what to believe, or how
to express your belief, what church you shall attend, or in
what manner you shall express your religious faith.
</p>

<p>
Not only this, but this constitutional guaranty protects
every one in his right to belong to no church if he so elects.
The soul is free. No power can compel one to belong to any
church, nor in any manner to hold or exercise religious faith,
or religious duty or obligation. <emph>In other words, men are free</emph>,
and this freedom, aside from any other guaranty of the Constitution,
should make us all feel affection and veneration
for this great charter of human liberty.
</p>

<p>
But freedom of worship is only one of the many rights
and privileges guaranteed to the people&mdash;to all the people.
</p>

<p>
Another great natural right&mdash;God given right&mdash;is firmly
and finally established:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>Congress shall make no law ... abridging the freedom
of speech or of the press.</hi></q><note place='foot'>Constitution
of the United States, Amendment I.</note>
</p>

<p>
Here again remember, when you are thinking of what
you owe to your country, that this declaration of the Constitution
was the first in all the history of the world by which
a Nation guaranteed to all the people the right freely to
express their thoughts in words or in writing. This was the
first time the chains were taken from the human intellect.
No one will ever be able to number the men and women who,
throughout the history of the world, were condemned to
death, because they dared to express their sentiments. If
<pb n='077'/><anchor id='Pg077'/>
Patrick Henry had delivered his famous speech in which
he said, <q>Give me liberty, or give me death</q>, in England
rather than America, he would have been promptly punished.
Hundreds of the colonists would have been hanged
by the British government if they had expressed themselves
in the mother country instead of in the new world. Kings
to hold their power in the old world, to keep the people so
terrorized that they would submit to their will, made the
practice of hanging or beheading those who freely spoke their
sentiments against the government.<note place='foot'>The
first ten amendments to the Constitution of the United States
are limitations on the powers of Congress, and these amendments do
not is any way limit the powers of the several States. It is a fact, however,
that practically all the States have incorporated these same amendments
in their Constitutions thereby placing the same limitations upon
their legislatures. A State may change its Constitution and thereby curtail
freedom of speech and press as it may think necessary to protect its
people, and some of the States have enacted laws forbidding anarchists
to hold public meetings or to publish yellow journals in which they berate
the government or instigate rebellion or sedition among the people. But
the Federal government cannot pass any law abridging the freedom of
speech or press except such as may be enacted under the war powers of
the government when in actual war, such as was enacted in the Espionage
Act of 1917.</note>
</p>

<p>
Of course under the old laws those who expressed their
religious convictions in opposition to the state church by
speech or writing were usually promptly imprisoned, hanged,
or burned.
</p>

<p>
Now do not have any misunderstanding about this guaranty
of freedom of speech and of the press. We often hear
complaints of certain people about certain laws punishing
those who abuse the privilege of free speech; but there is
no law of State or Nation which prohibits the speaking or
writing of anything in this country. Men may speak and
write what they will; but there are some laws punishing
those who abuse this great privilege to the injury of another
person, or to the injury of the Nation. Of course no one
would feel that it was right to allow another to write libelous
articles about your neighbors. You would not feel that
it would be right to permit some vile person to write false
and vicious articles about your mother or your father; and
yet any one may do so. They cannot be prohibited or enjoined
from doing so, but they may be punished after doing so,
after they have been tried in a court and found guilty of
libel by a jury of their fellowmen.<note place='foot'><p>Libel
is defined as any statement printed, or written, or any picture
or caricature that causes another person to be brought into hatred,
contempt, or ridicule or to be shunned by his associates. Slander is any
oral statement that causes another person to be brought into hatred,
contempt, or ridicule, or to be shunned by his associates. In order to
constitute either slander or libel the statement or utterance must be
communicated to a third party.
</p>
<p>
<q>The right of citizens to petition the government to remove abuse was
won in Europe only after many hard conflicts. It is not conceded in some
European governments today, and men in those countries who lead in
reforms and advocate democratic measures are often thrown into prison,
banished, or exiled. This amendment to the Constitution was inserted to
guard against the tyranny of officers, who might abuse the authority
conferred upon them by the people.</q></p></note>
</p>

<p>
So if one writes a threatening letter to your father, telling
him that he will kidnap his child unless he pays ten thousand
dollars by a certain time, such person is exercising his
<pb n='078'/><anchor id='Pg078'/>
constitutional right to freedom of expression, but no one
would think that it was right to permit him thus to abuse
his constitutional right without being punished for it; and
consequently such person may be arrested and tried, and if
found guilty, punished.
</p>

<p>
So in these later days it has been found wise, not to prohibit
persons from giving expression to their views about our
government, but to punish those who show by their words
or writing that they are rebels against our government, endeavoring
by their words to cause a revolution, to incite people
to use force, bombs, or the torch to destroy our government.
</p>

<p>
No one can ever be punished for criticising our government,
or any of the officers of our government, so long as
he does not undertake to destroy our government, and I am
sure that you would not think it right to permit any one
to destroy the government controlled by ourselves which has
brought to us so many blessings. Nearly every one agrees
that if a person should use bombs or the torch in an effort
to cause revolution and destroy our form of government, such
a person should be punished; but there are a few who think
that they should not be punished until they actually begin
destruction. Of course we cannot agree with them. The
man who goes out on the street corner and advocates the use
of the bomb and the torch to destroy our government, who
arouses passions willfully with the purpose of destroying the
government, is doing just as much wrong as is done by the
person who follows his advice and uses the bomb and the
torch. In fact the man who advocates revolution and destruction,
who preaches the use of the bomb and the
torch, who plants the poison in the hearts of his fellowmen,
and incites them to revolutionary action is more guilty of
wrong than are those who, stirred by his appeals, carry out
his wishes.
</p>

<pb n='079'/><anchor id='Pg079'/>

<p>
In punishing those who thus violate every principle of
loyalty, patriotism, and right the constitutional provision is
in no manner modified. The worst revolutionist has the freedom
of speech and of the press guaranteed to him. The law
which punishes him does so only because under the protection
of the Constitution, he commits a crime against his country
and against humanity.
</p>

<p>
America has done more than any other nation in the
world in the cause of educating the common people. It
should exercise care that the people should be educated in the
true spirit of America, that their minds should not be poisoned
by the vicious teachings of those, not Americans at
heart, who seek to poison souls and rob the people of their
patriotism and of their loyalty.
</p>

<p>
In the olden days so tyrannical was the king that in many
instances when the people complained of their burdens and
sought rights and privileges they were punished for daring
to seek relief. The king would usually give them what he
thought they ought to have and would not listen to complaints.
One of the rights which the people always hoped for
was the privilege of assembling, meeting together, talking
over their troubles, drawing up a petition, signing, and presenting
it, praying <q>a redress of grievance</q>. When the representatives
of the people met in the Constitutional Convention
in Philadelphia they had before their minds the things
that the people had suffered under old forms of government
and it was their earnest effort to provide constitutional guaranties
which would prevent the abuses to which the people
were compelled to submit in the old world. Therefore one
of the provisions of the Constitution of the United States is
the following:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>Congress shall make no law ... abridging ...
the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition
the Government for a redress of grievances.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution
of the United States, 1st Amendment.
</p>
<p>
<q>The right of assembly is coupled with the guaranty of the right to
petition the government for a redress of grievances; but it is not to be
understood as limited to that object. Without doubt assemblages for
social, political or religious purposes are protected by such against
legislative prohibition unless attended with circumstances rendering the
exercise of the right inimical to public peace, security or welfare.</q>&mdash;Emlin
McClain, quoted in the <hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>, Vol.
I, p. 85.
</p>
<p>
<q>The right to assemble may be restricted so far as necessary to prevent
its being exercised to promote unlawful purposes or in such manner
as to result in public inconvenience.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>,
Vol. I, p. 85.
</p>
<p>
<q>The provision to the amendment to the Federal Constitution is a
limitation only on the powers of the Federal Government and does not
apply to the several states. The states have largely copied the same
provision into their constitutions.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>The right of petition is important as recognizing a lawful occasion
for the assembly of the people and in connection with the guaranty of
freedom of speech and the press. The subject matter of a petition
cannot be made the basis for a prosecution for public or private libel if
it is kept within the limits of the privilege accorded.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of
American Government</hi>, Vol. II, p. 675.
</p>
<p>
<q>Through the right of petition the people have a means of informing
their lawmakers of their wishes and of guiding public opinion.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>The rules of the national House of Representatives provide that members
having petitions to present may deliver them to the clerk and the
petition, except such as, in the judgment of the speaker, are of an
obscene or insulting character, shall be entered upon the journal.</q>&mdash;Emlin
McClain, quoted in the <hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>, Vol. II,
p. 675.</p></note>
</p>

<pb n='080'/><anchor id='Pg080'/>

<p>
Under this constitutional guaranty the people have the
right to assemble peaceably at any time or place, to talk over
their troubles, and to draw up a petition to the government
seeking relief from unjust burdens. Where they assemble
peaceably there is no officer of the government and no court
that can interfere with them; and when they petition the
government they cannot be reprimanded or punished in any
way. Of course under our representative government where
the people themselves select those who make the laws, the
necessity for assembling and drawing up petitions is not so
great. Yet in Congress and in the legislatures of the various
States nearly every day petitions come in from some body
of people urging the adoption of a certain law or objecting to
a certain proposed law. If you were in Congress or in the
legislature you would probably see some member arise and
say, <q>Mr. Speaker, I present the petition of the people of my
district objecting to the passage of Bill No. 781, which I
desire to have made part of the record</q>, and the Speaker,
who is the presiding officer, would respond in substance, <q>the
request of the gentleman will be granted and the petition
will be made part of the record</q>.
</p>

<p>
What I desire especially to impress upon you this morning
is the value of this right and the failure of our people to
take advantage of the privilege granted. This being a government
by the people and the laws being made by their
agents, these agents of the people, members of Congress and
of the State legislatures, cannot carry out the will of the
people unless they know what the people want. Ask your
father when you go home whether or not he has ever written
to the member of Congress from this district telling him
about some law he would like to have passed or about some
proposed law he would like to see defeated. The truth is that
<pb n='081'/><anchor id='Pg081'/>
there are large numbers of people in this city who do not
even know the name of their congressman, or representative
in the legislature of the State. They do not pay any attention
to such things, yet when the legislature or Congress
passes a law they are always ready to criticise and condemn,
despite the fact that before it was passed they did not take
interest enough to give an expression of their views to those
who were trying to follow the wishes of the people. From
time to time the people should assemble in every community
to talk over government matters, their matters, the things
that come most close to them in life. You will find men and
women meeting every month in their lodges and clubs, discussing
all sorts of things, music, art, and literature, but we
find hardly any organized meetings for the discussion of the
big things in life, our liberties, our rights, and our duties as
citizens of this free republic. I hope to see the time when
there will be community centers and regular assemblies, not
for amusement but for serious discussion, serious thought,
and earnest coperation in the affairs of the city, State, and
Nation. There is so much complaint in these days that it
would be of great value at these assemblies to allow every
person who has a grievance against the government or any
branch of the government to present it for discussion. The
rights and duties of each individual in government are of
importance to every other person, and there should be frankness,
honesty, and earnestness in every discussion of grievance
and remedies, so that public sentiment may be developed.
Government in a democracy is government by the
sentiment of the people; and the sentiment of the people
can only be created and manifested by talking over the
things in which all people are interested&mdash;the problems of
life, liberty, and happiness.
</p>

<pb n='084'/><anchor id='Pg084'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Which colonists came to America to avoid religious persecution?
</p>

<p>
2. Why do people fight and die for their religious beliefs?
</p>

<p>
3. In what ways were people persecuted for their religious beliefs?
</p>

<p>
4. Where was the first statute granting absolute freedom of worship
passed?
</p>

<p>
5. Why is it a good thing to have freedom of speech?
</p>

<p>
6. Name some famous Americans who have been outspoken in saying
what they thought.
</p>

<p>
7. Can you publish in the paper a statement that Mr. X is a burglar?
If so, can you be punished if your statement is not true? If so,
how can you have freedom of speech?
</p>

<p>
8. Is the Constitution of the United States in force in all the States
of the Union?
</p>

<p>
9. Are there other constitutions which the people of different States
must observe?
</p>

<p>
10. Why did the people want the right to assemble?
</p>

<p>
11. Do you know of any countries where they do not allow it?
</p>

<p>
12. Do you know of anyone who ever sent a petition to a State legislature?
To Congress? What was it like?
</p>

<p>
13. How many assemblies of people and petitions help to make our representatives
do what we want them to do?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. Name the places in the world, where to-day there is religious persecution.
</p>

<p>
B. Describe the conditions in Armenia.
</p>

<p>
C. What are the real advantages of religions liberty?
</p>

<p>
D. Just how would it affect a person if freedom of speech were not
allowed?
</p>

<p>
E. How may the right to freedom of speech be abused?
</p>

<p>
F. During the recent war, men were punished for what they said under
what is known as the Espionage Act. How can this be reconciled
with freedom of speech?
</p>

<p>
G. Discuss the method of organizing a community meeting.
</p>

<p>
H. Discuss the method of preparing a petition.
</p>

<p>
I. Suppose the opinion of the meeting should be divided, what should
be the procedure?
</p>

<p>
J. Plan a method to make the people talk more about government.
</p>

<p>
K. What are the dangers of a lack of interest in the affairs of government?
</p>

<p>
L. How will a congressman represent the wishes of the people if he
receives no petitions?
</p>

<p>
M. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
The Story of the Pilgrims
</p>

<p>
Roger Williams and the Providence Colony
</p>

<p>
Lord Baltimore
</p>

<p>
Thomas Jefferson and Religious Liberty
</p>

<p>
Censorship of the Press and Freedom of Speech
</p>

<p>
What to do with an Anarchist Meeting
</p>

<p>
Socialist Papers
</p>

<p>
The Importance of the Right of Petition
</p>

<p>
Keeping In Touch with our Representatives
</p>

<p>
Some Petitions I have Seen
</p>

<p>
Things for Which We Should Petition the Legislature
</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='085'/><anchor id='Pg085'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>X. Military Provisions</head>
<head type='sub'>Rights Of Citizens To Bear Arms&mdash;Restrictions On
Quartering Soldiers In Homes</head>

<p>
Again we find the framers of the Constitution looking back
into the past at abuses imposed upon the people by kingly
power. They inserted in the Constitution the following provision:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security
of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms,
shall not be infringed.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution
of the United States, Amendment II.
</p>
<p>
<q>This right to keep and bear arms, although stated in connection with
the militia, is held broad enough to cover the keeping and carrying of
such weapons as are suitable for self-defense, or defense of the home.
But the keeping of unusual weapons, or the carrying of unusual weapons
in an unusual manner, as by having them concealed on the person, may
be prohibited.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol. I, p. 165.
</p>
<p>
<q>This amendment, like the other eight amendments to the Federal
Constitution, does not apply to the States, and a State may legislate as it
pleases regarding the carrying and using of arms. Many states prevent
the carrying of arms of any kind except with legal permission given
through the proper officer for stated specific reasons.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>The amendment means no more than that this right shall not be infringed
by Congress. Police protection of the people is left to the
States.</q></p></note>
</p>

<p>
They were making a government of free States. They did
not wish to see the National government become the master
of the States nor the master of the people. They believed
that the government should be the servant and not the master.
They wanted to have the power in the hands of the people
of the States to protect their rights if they ever should
be invaded by force; and therefore they furnished to the people
of all the States the guaranty that the States should have
the right to have militia, that is, soldiers organized to maintain
order and to defend the State, if necessary, against abuse
of power; and they guaranteed to the people the right to
bear arms lawfully.
</p>

<p>
If you read the history of the old world you will find many
instances of soldiers entering the homes of the people to
search for fire arms or other weapons, taking them away,
possibly punishing those who had them. The people are
guarded by our Constitution against any such conduct on the
part of soldiers or representatives of the National government.
Of course this right, like the right of free speech, may be
abused and when abused punishment may be imposed. For
<pb n='086'/><anchor id='Pg086'/>
instance, it is dangerous to the good order of a community
that persons should carry concealed weapons and therefore
in every State there is some law concerning this. If a man
should walk down the street here with a loaded revolver in
his pocket he could be arrested and imprisoned, or fined, but
in this State a man could walk down the street with a shot
gun in his hands or any other weapon where it is exposed so
people could see it. A law against carrying concealed weapons
imposes no burden upon any law-abiding citizen. There
are regulations, of course, permitting certain persons to carry
weapons concealed, police officers, a sheriff, and other peace
officers; and there is a law under which any person of good
moral character may make application for authority to carry
concealed weapons which will be granted under certain restrictions.
Some States require a bond to be filed guaranteeing
good conduct. Persons who have to carry large sums of
money, express messengers upon the trains, post office employees
who carry registered mail, and other persons may be
granted the privilege of carrying concealed weapons. The
laws regarding carrying concealed weapons differ from State
to State, the punishment in some being a term in the penitentiary.
</p>

<p>
But in all this we find only regulation and careful provision
to help maintain order and peace; and with it all we find
the absolute right given by the Constitution to the people
to maintain their State militia and to keep and bear arms
within reasonable regulations which may be provided by the
different States.
</p>

<p>
Then we find a strict guaranty of the Constitution against
an abuse which was common in the old world. You know
before America came into being the strength of a government
was the power of a government. The people were
ruled by force; they were kept in constant fear. When this
Nation was organized it was the hope of the founders that
<pb n='087'/><anchor id='Pg087'/>
we could have laws so just that people would have love for
their country and respect for its laws, so that we would not
have to inspire fear in the hearts of the people in order to
make them obey. Laws should be obeyed not because of fear,
but because of respect, because of a sense of duty. Laws should
be obeyed because we know that laws are necessary to protect
our own liberties. We know that without law, liberty is
impossible.
</p>

<p>
So that when the Constitution was framed, reflecting upon
the abuses of the old world, the makers of the Constitution
inserted this guaranty:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>No Soldier shall, in time of peace, be quartered in any
house, without the consent of the Owner, nor in time of war,
but in a manner to be prescribed by law.</hi></q><note place='foot'>One
of the grievances of the colonists stated in the Declaration
of Independence was the quartering of large bodies of armed troops in
the colonies, but the guaranty found in the Federal Constitution and in
many State Constitutions is that soldiers shall not in times of peace be
quartered upon private persons. This guaranty has respect to the recognition
of the right of every man not to be unwarrantably disturbed or
intruded upon in his home. <q>Every man's house is his castle.</q></note>
</p>

<p>
In the olden days the military power was supreme. The
soldier was part of the military power. The ordinary citizen
was compelled to submit to many of the wishes of the soldiers
in times of peace as well as in times of war. In reading the
history of the world you will find that soldiers exercised the
right to enter the homes of the people and demand food and
shelter. Of course the people, being in fear of the military
power, would not think of refusing anything demanded; but
the people of America, under our Constitution, are supreme.
The soldier is subject to the people, not the people subject to
the soldier. While we must respect those who are the defenders
of our country, we must also respect our own rights
and privileges. And every soldier, general or private, must
also respect our rights and privileges. No soldier can enter
any home, no matter how humble, without the consent of
the owner, except in times of war. Even in times of war he
cannot enter except under circumstances and conditions prescribed
by law. The law being made by the people, they will
be protected against abuse. Of course in times of war every
one should be glad to give freely of what he has for the soldiers
<pb n='088'/><anchor id='Pg088'/>
of his country, but in times of peace in this country the
soldier, under our Constitution, understands that the home
is sacred and that he has no right there unless the owner invites
him to enter.
</p>

<p>
I wonder if the people realize what these guaranties mean
to them. I wonder if they understand how earnestly and
how carefully those who framed the Constitution endeavored
to protect the sacred rights of every man, woman, and child
in this country.
</p>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Why did the Germans refuse to allow the Belgians to keep and
bear arms?
</p>

<p>
2. Why is this right important to us?
</p>

<p>
3. Ask some soldier who fought in France to tell you about how soldiers
quartered in the village. Would you like to see this in
America? Why not?
</p>

<p>
4. What rights has a soldier in time of peace to demand admittance
to a house, or to demand food?
</p>

<p>
5. In time of war under what conditions may a soldier be quartered
in any house?
</p>

<p>
6. Where is the whole power of government in America? Where is
it in a kingdom or monarchy?
</p>

<p>
7. Do you know the name of your congressman?
</p>

<p>
8. When should a person be allowed to carry weapons?
</p>

<pb n='089'/><anchor id='Pg089'/>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. What is the importance of the right of keeping and bearing arms?
</p>

<p>
B. What is the status of the National Guard in your locality? What
are its duties? What is its purpose?
</p>

<p>
C. What is the fundamental objection to the quartering of soldiers on
a population in time of peace?
</p>

<p>
D. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
The Right to Bear Arms
</p>

<p>
The Evils of Quartering of Soldiers
</p>

<p>
The Purpose of the National Guard
</p>

<p>
How the Soldiers Were Quartered in France
</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='090'/><anchor id='Pg090'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XI. Search Warrant And Indictment</head>
<head type='sub'>The Home Protected Against Unlawful Search And
Seizure&mdash;Grand Jury Indictment Required</head>

<p>
Following the provision that we last discussed that no soldier
shall in time of peace be quartered in any house without
the consent of the owner, nor in time of war except in a
manner prescribed by law, we find the Constitution making
a most positive provision guarding the sacredness of the
home, the sacredness of the person, and the things belonging
to each person. In the olden days the people had to submit
to the most brutal conduct. A man might think some one
had stolen his ring or his watch. Suspecting a neighbor, and
being the stronger, or assembling his friends, or some officers,
he might enter the neighbor's home, search all through the
house among papers, in the desks, and in every trunk and
other place where personal belongings were kept, might
search the person himself, his pockets, and clothing.
</p>

<p>
Of course you can easily understand that the people
who were thus abused would resent such actions. In England
the people in early days had protested and had secured
some guaranties from the king against these outrages, but
the first absolute written guaranty of the full rights of the
people was when the following provision was inserted in our
Constitution:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>The right of the people to be secure in their persons,
houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and
seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue,
but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation,
and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the
persons or things to be seized.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution
of the United States, Amendment IV.
</p>
<p>
<q>One of the most serious grievances of the colonists was, the assertion
and exercise of a prerogative of the crown to issue warrants for searching
private premises in order to obtain evidence of political offenses. This
had been the subject of controversy in England and was made the basis
of a protest in Massachusetts by James Otis against the Writs of Assistance
which were in effect, general warrants.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American
Government</hi>, Vol. III, p. 654.
</p>
<p>
<q>The privilege contended for was that the privacy of the dwelling
house should not be invaded by public officers without the consent of
the owner save for the purpose of making an arrest, and then only by
an officer of the law&mdash;who carried a warrant giving him such authority.</q>&mdash;Emlin
McClain, quoted in the <hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>,
Vol. III, p. 654.
</p>
<p>
The protection afforded by the constitutional provision is against attempts
made under the disguise of public process to pry into private
affairs on mere suspicion that a crime has been committed or contemplated.
</p>
<p>
The principle of this guaranty is being violated if the postal authorities
open sealed letters in the mail to discover whether improper use of the
mail is being made. It is also violated by compelling the production of
private papers of the defendant in a criminal prosecution.
</p>
<p>
A warrant is not always necessary to arrest an individual. For example,
a police officer does not need a warrant in order to arrest a person
who is violating a law in his presence, or a person whom he has good
reason to think has committed a felony.&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>,
Vol. III, p. 655.</p></note>
</p>

<pb n='091'/><anchor id='Pg091'/>

<p>
Of course it is apparent that so long as we have crimes
committed the wrongdoer must be punished. Wrongdoers
naturally try to conceal the evidence of their crimes: the
murderer seeks to hide the revolver, the thief seeks to hide
the money, the bonds, or the jewels. So it is necessary, in
order to find criminals and to recover valuable things they
may have taken, to have the privilege of searching persons
or houses. But the thing which the Constitution guarantees
is that no such search shall be made except upon warrants
issued by some court, which are commands to a peace officer
to seize a certain person (arrest him) or to search a certain
house or other place for things which might aid in administering
justice. No warrants shall be issued by any court
until some one has appeared and filed a solemn statement
under oath showing some reasonable grounds for believing
that the search or seizure will disclose evidence of the
offense. The place must be described. The things or the
persons to be seized must be described. A warrant issued by
any court, no matter how high, without such a sworn statement
being presented, is void and in violation of the rights
of every person under the Constitution. The courts are often
called upon to enforce this right of the people. The home,
especially under our Constitution, is recognized as sacred.
<q>Every man's house is his castle</q> and wherever, without the
proper warrant, search or seizure is made, the court will
promptly punish the wrongdoer and if something has been
seized or taken possession of wrongfully the court will order
it returned. Even though valuable as evidence of guilt, the
court will not permit it to be used, if it has been seized in
violation of the guaranty of the Constitution.
</p>

<p>
No matter how humble the home, whether it be owned or
rented, whether it have one room or a dozen, it stands exactly
the same under this constitutional provision, and is guarded
against <q>unreasonable searches and seizures</q>. No matter
<pb n='092'/><anchor id='Pg092'/>
how poor the owner, he can stand at his door and defy all
the officers of State or government, yes, and all the soldiers
of the republic, defy them to enter until the provisions of the
Constitution of the United States shall have been complied
with.
</p>

<p>
Now, we come to guaranties of the right of the people to
protection against any trial, except the same be conducted
in accordance with the guaranties of the Constitution. These
guaranties are for all persons, young or old, rich or poor. You
know sometimes the innocent are charged with grave crimes.
A crime is committed in the darkness of the night. The
criminal has fled. The first duty of the officers of the government&mdash;the
servants of the people&mdash;is to find the criminal so
that he may be punished for his wrongdoing. This is not an
easy task, and no matter how careful officers may be, mistakes
are sometimes made and innocent persons are arrested and
charged with the offense. Bring this home to yourself, because
every one of these constitutional guaranties are for you,
for each of you, for your father, mother, brothers, and sisters.
Keep this in mind. Do not consider them as applying
to somebody away off, some stranger in whom you have
no interest. <emph>They apply to you.</emph>
</p>

<p>
Now suppose that to-night a murder should be committed,
and to-morrow your father should be arrested and charged
with the crime of which he was entirely innocent. It will be
very important to him that he should have a fair chance, a
fair trial. His liberty would be at stake, and liberty under
the Constitution is a sacred thing. Thinking of liberty his
mind would naturally turn to the Constitution, and if he
examined it, he would find the following guaranty:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise
infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment
of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval
<pb n='093'/><anchor id='Pg093'/>
forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time of
War or public danger.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution
of the United States, Amendment V.
</p>
<p>
<q>A <emph>capital crime</emph> is such crime as the law declares punishable by
death penalty.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol I, p. 284.
</p>
<p>
<q>An <emph>infamous crime</emph> is such crime as the law declares punishable by
imprisonment in a state prison.</q>
</p>
<p>
A grand jury, or an indictment, or a presentment jury, or an inquest
jury, is a jury (differing as to numbers in different States) for the
purpose of investigating alleged crimes. If, upon investigation, the jury
believes the accused person has either committed the act or has had a
part in the crime, it will draw up a formal accusation in writing. This
accusation is called an indictment and is presented to the court. In
a few States a person may be brought to trial for violation of a law
of the State upon information filed by the prosecuting attorney.
</p>
<p>
A <emph>petit jury</emph>, or <emph>trial jury</emph>, is a jury of twelve men selected by the
court&mdash;according to a law determining the manner&mdash;to hear the accusation
against the person charged along with the evidence submitted during
the trial in court. After hearing the evidence and receiving from
the judge instructions concerning the law governing the case, the jury
will determine whether the accused person is guilty or not. The Federal
government, and most of the States, require a unanimous verdict. If the
jury disagrees they report such to the court (the judge) and they are dismissed
and the case may be tried again with a different jury.
</p>
<p>
<q>Constitutional guaranties of the right of trial for crime only on indictment
by a grand jury, imply a common law grand jury of whose
number at least twelve men concur in finding the indictment, but by provision
in state constitutions a smaller number of grand jurors than required
by common law and concurrence of a smaller number than twelve
in the finding of an indictment may be authorized.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>A grand jury affords a safeguard against the unwarranted ignominy
of being put on public trial for an offense which there is no reasonable
ground to believe the accused has committed.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>The grand jury is to investigate the cases of those who have been
arrested and held under preliminary information on oath by private accusers;
and it may also investigate cases of supposed crime of which it
has knowledge or to which its attention may be called by the public
prosecuting officer. Its proceedings are secret and its members are sworn
not to subsequently divulge them.</q>&mdash;McClain's <hi rend='italic'>Constitutional Law</hi>.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
Now you do not understand this, do you? And yet it is
very simple. When a man is arrested, he is brought before
the court for trial. But how, and before whom shall he be
tried?
</p>

<p>
Remember that in America the enforcement of law is in
the hands of the people. Remember that this is a government
by the people and that the chief purpose of government
is to protect the liberties of the people. Here is your father's
liberty at stake. If he should be convicted of having committed
this murder, he might be hanged or sent to prison for
life, so it is very important to him that the investigation into
the charge against him shall be conducted in the right
manner.
</p>

<p>
Under this constitutional guaranty which is also included
in your State Constitution, there is no court and no judge in
the United States big enough or powerful enough to call your
father before the court for trial until he has been indicted
by a grand jury. A grand jury, generally composed of twelve
or more men selected from ordinary citizens, is brought together
every term of court. They sit in a room by themselves
and hear evidence as to the commission of offenses. They
have no power to find a man guilty or not guilty. Their
power and their duty is to decide whether the evidence
brought before them is sufficient to justify putting the accused
man on trial for the offense. They hear the witnesses
for the State or government. The defendant is not brought
before them personally, nor is he represented in any way.
It is simply a secret investigation. If these men upon this
investigation decide the evidence is not sufficient to warrant
the trial of a man, he is discharged. He cannot be put on
trial before the court. Before the court can proceed the grand
jury must first say that the man shall be tried. The people
<pb n='094'/><anchor id='Pg094'/>
thus have in their hands the power of protecting the innocent,
and the power of instituting proceedings against the
guilty. The grand jury brings in its report by an <q>indictment</q>
which is merely a written statement to the court that
the grand jury believes the defendant should be put upon
trial for a certain offense. When this indictment is brought
in, the defendant is called before the court, the charge is read
to him, and he is then required to say whether he is guilty
or not guilty. If he says that he is not guilty, then preparation
must be made for a trial in the court, before a petit
jury, a trial jury, which we will consider later. The thing
I want to impress upon you now is the care with which the
framers of the Constitution guarded the right of your father
to have an investigation by a body of citizens before he can
be brought up for trial for this murder which has been committed.
He cannot be dragged by officers before some court
and forced to go hurriedly through a form of trial only to be
found guilty. The proceedings must be deliberate and careful.
The Constitution guards him against danger of conviction
without substantial proof of his guilt.
</p>

<p>
There are a few minor offenses, sometimes called misdemeanors,
and there are violations of city ordinances, in
which an indictment is not necessary, but an indictment by
a grand jury is necessary whenever the crime is infamous or
capital; that is, generally speaking, when punishment would
involve imprisonment in the penitentiary or the taking of
life by hanging or otherwise. You will understand this
better as we consider the trial before the petit jury.
</p>

<p>
You may think it is difficult to learn all about grand juries,
the number of jurors, and the manner in which they are
sworn to perform their duties. I do not blame you. But
bear in mind I am not insisting that you shall learn all these
details. Of course the more knowledge we have about these
matters the better. But <emph>the important thing</emph> is that you shall
<pb n='095'/><anchor id='Pg095'/>
learn that away back more than one hundred and thirty
years ago the people of America in framing the Constitution
of our country, by written guaranties, made this a government
by the people. Knowing that the most sacred thing
on this earth is human liberty, they sought to guard it by
providing every possible safeguard which would protect the
innocent from unjust conviction. They trusted the people.
While courts were provided, the power to accuse the humblest
human being living under the American flag of a grave offense
and bring him before a court for trial was reserved to
the people themselves.
</p>

<p>
Grand juries are merely representatives or agents of the
people. As they sit in court they are exercising some of the
highest and most important duties exercised by men. Grand
jurors and petit jurors hold in their hands the liberty of their
fellowmen.
</p>

<p>
It is these great truths I wish to impress upon you. I want
you to have the knowledge, but more than this, I want you
to have the spirit, the spirit of confidence in your government,
and the spirit of gratitude that you live in America
where the people rule, where the people not only make the
law, but enforce it.
</p>

<pb n='096'/><anchor id='Pg096'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. In the olden days how could a strong man abuse one suspected of
stealing?
</p>

<p>
2. What would he be compelled to do to-day?
</p>

<p>
3. Why are the guaranties regarding trials important to you?
</p>

<pb n='097'/><anchor id='Pg097'/>

<p>
4. Who may accuse or charge a person with a crime?
</p>

<p>
5. Is a person charged with a crime necessarily guilty?
</p>

<p>
6. What is a grand jury? What is its purpose?
</p>

<p>
7. How are members of a grand jury servants of the people?
</p>

<p>
8. Is a search warrant valid if no sworn statement has been filed?
</p>

<p>
9. What are the rights of the owner, if a search is made without
proper warrant or papers?
</p>

<p>
10. State the guaranty of the Constitution with reference to indictment
by a grand jury.
</p>

<p>
11. Is the session of a grand jury secret or public?
</p>

<p>
12. Is the defendant present before the grand jury during the investigation?
</p>

<p>
13. What is meant by <q>indictment</q>?
</p>

<p>
14. What is done when the grand jury returns an indictment?
</p>

<p>
15. What offenses may be prosecuted without an indictment?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. Discuss the procedure of securing a search warrant?
</p>

<p>
B. If we had no guaranty of security of property rights what effect
would this have with reference to working, earning, and saving?
</p>

<p>
C. How is the fact that we have a grand jury an evidence of the care
with which our government guards our rights?
</p>

<p>
D. What is a heinous crime?
</p>

<p>
E. Write a paper on:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
Early Abuses of Power in Search and Seizure
</p>

<p>
Some Interesting Violations of this Right
</p>

<p>
The Grand Jury as an Evidence That the People Rule
</p>

<p>
An Account of the Work of One Grand Jury
</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='098'/><anchor id='Pg098'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XII. Rights Of Accused</head>
<head type='sub'>Acquittal By Jury Final&mdash;Accused Not Compelled
To Be A Witness</head>

<p>
Now keeping in mind that this is a personal matter with
each one of us, that we are talking about our own rights,
that some day our liberties may be in danger, let us take up
the next guaranty of the Constitution: <q><hi rend='italic'>nor shall any person
be subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy
of life or limb</hi></q>.<note place='foot'><p>Constitution
of the United States, Amendment V.
</p>
<p>
<q>The rule of procedure generally recognized is that when an accused
person has been put on trial under a valid indictment in a court having
jurisdiction of the case, and a jury has been empaneled and sworn to try
the case and give a verdict, and a verdict of <emph>not guilty</emph> is given&mdash;the
accused cannot be again put on trial for the same crime, or any included
crime for which he might have been convicted in that prosecution.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia
of American Government</hi>, Vol. II, p. 251.
</p>
<p>
<q>A verdict of not guilty is conclusive and the defendant must be discharged.
If however he is convicted, he may in some instances appeal
the case to a higher court for review and that is not being again put in
jeopardy.</q>&mdash;Emlin McClain, quoted in the <hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>,
Vol II, p. 251.
</p>
<p>
<q>Jeopardy is complete when the court proceeds with a jury to ascertain
the defendant's guilt.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>As the criminal jurisdiction of the Federal Court extends only to
offenses against the Federal laws, and no prosecution for such offenses
can be entertained in the state courts&mdash;it follows that there can be no
questions of former jeopardy as between a federal and a state court.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia
of American Government</hi>, Vol II, p. 251.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
I am sure you do not know what that means. I am sure
there is not one of you who ever dreamed that such a thing
might happen to you as to be <q>twice put in jeopardy of life
or limb</q>. This is very important and likewise very simple.
In the olden days, in the old world, many a man was tried
for a crime in court and found not guilty, and then later
was arrested and put on trial again and found guilty. Suppose
your father, as I said the other day, should be arrested,
although he were innocent. Suppose he were indicted by
this grand jury and brought on for trial. He would be compelled
to hire a lawyer, if he were able to, and get ready for
trial. The trial would come on, and days or possibly weeks
might be spent in examining witnesses. Finally the case
would close and the jury would bring in a verdict of <q>not
guilty</q>. It would be an expensive proceeding. Perhaps it
would take all the money he had saved. It would not only
be expensive but it would be a hard strain upon him, your
mother, the other children, and yourself. It is a very serious
matter for an innocent man to be tried for murder. Still
the verdict of <q>not guilty</q> comes in and you are all full of joy
to realize that his life and liberty have been saved. Now suppose
<pb n='099'/><anchor id='Pg099'/>
it were possible that within a couple of weeks afterwards
he could again be arrested, indicted, put on trial. All of the
family would again be subjected to worry and sorrow. You
do not think it would be just, do you? It would not be right.
Of course it wouldn't be right, but men in the olden days
have been compelled to submit to such injustices. So when
the Constitution was adopted this guaranty which I just read
was put in there, so that for any offense against the United
States no man can be tried again after acquittal. Once a jury
of his fellowmen, his neighbors, brings in a verdict of <q>not
guilty</q> that ends forever any prosecution for the same offense.
He is free and there is no power in the United States nor any
of its officers to call him again for trial for that offense. Most
of the States have a like constitutional guaranty.
</p>

<p>
Then there is another important guaranty: <q><hi rend='italic'>nor shall (he)
be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against
himself</hi></q>.<note place='foot'><p>Constitution of the United States, Amendment V.
</p>
<p>
In our own early colonies persons were frequently tortured to compel
them to give evidence against themselves or against other people, but
at that time the colonies were still under British authority.
</p>
<p>
An instance was recently reported of a man appearing before a sheriff
and confessing to the commission of five different murders in as many
different places in a western State. Upon investigation it was found
that murders had been committed in these places about the time he confessed
to having committed the crimes, so he was arrested and held by
the sheriff. Upon further investigation it was discovered that he was
mentally unbalanced and having read of all these crimes he imagined he
had committed them. He was released from arrest and was committed
to a hospital for the insane. In this instance an innocent man might
have been executed if his own testimony had been sufficient to convict
him.
</p>
<p>
If a person confesses to having committed a crime and the facts as
stated are found to be correct, he may then be convicted of the crime,
but the conviction is made on the basis of the evidence disclosed by his
confession and not on the confession itself. Having made a confession
the officers may then from the facts told by the accused find other facts
sufficient to convict without offering the confession in evidence.
</p>
<p>
<q>A confession is not admissible in evidence where it is obtained by
temporal inducement, by threats, promise or hope of favor held out to
the party in respect of his escape from the charge against him, by a person
in authority.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol. I, p. 387.
</p>
<p>
<q>When an inducement destroys a confession it must be held out by
a person in authority.</q></p></note>
</p>

<p>
I wonder if you have ever heard of the days when men
were tortured to make them confess. I wonder if you ever
heard of the rack where men were stretched, almost torn
limb from limb, or of the days when men were hung up by
their thumbs, in order to compel them to admit their guilt
of some crime. Have you read of the burning of the soles
of men's feet? Or the application of red hot irons to other
parts of the body in order to extort a confession? Well those
were common things in some of the countries in the days before
America was born. Men would be arrested, charged
with an offense, and then an effort would be made to torture
them into confessing to the crime. And often where no
such brutal torture was employed, men were brought into
court, put on the stand, threatened, examined, and cross examined
by lawyers to try to gain admissions which might
help to prove their guilt. Of course this was all wrong. It
was brutal. It was a violation of human right. When the
<pb n='100'/><anchor id='Pg100'/>
Constitution of the United States was framed this great abuse
of human privilege was absolutely barred by the provision,
that no one can <q>be compelled in any criminal case to be a
witness against himself</q>. In this country, when a man is
brought into court charged with a crime, it is the duty of
the government to prove his guilt. This proof must be by
the sworn testimony of witnesses of certain facts or circumstances,
aside from any statement or admission by the defendant.
He cannot be compelled to be a witness at all. If
he so wishes, however, he may be a witness for himself. This
privilege was denied him under the English practice for generations,
and even in this country in many of the States until
a comparatively recent time; but never since the Constitution
was adopted could any person charged with a crime
against the United States be compelled to testify to any fact
or circumstance in relation to the crime. Not only can he
sit in the court room and listen to the stories told against him,
but he is guaranteed this right by protection against any
threats or inducements outside of court and before the trial
which would lead him to say anything against his innocence.
Every judge in criminal courts has been compelled at times
to refuse to admit in evidence before the jury certain statements
or alleged confessions. You may see in the paper
where some man has been arrested for breaking into a bank
or committing some other offense, and it may be further
stated that the defendant has confessed that he broke into
the bank. Naturally you then say to yourself that he will
be found guilty. Well this constitutional guaranty not only
protects him in court but protects him out of court. He
cannot be compelled to give answers after his arrest while he
is in jail, or even if he is at liberty under bond, which can
be used against him upon the trial. Of course a person
charged with a crime may waive this constitutional guaranty.
He may voluntarily say that he wants to tell his story, and
<pb n='101'/><anchor id='Pg101'/>
if he does so without any inducement, promises, or threats
it may be admitted against him when the trial comes. Otherwise
not. To be admitted, it must appear to be absolutely
voluntary and of his own free will. If it appears that the
confession has been induced by promises of lighter sentence
or <q>that it will be easier for him</q>, or if any other inducement
is used to get him to consent to make his statement,
such statement cannot be used in evidence because of his
constitutional guaranty. Many times I have seen the court
refuse to admit proof of an alleged confession of a defendant,
and I could see that the jury trying the case and the people
sitting in the court room were surprised that the judge would
not admit such proof even when the confession was signed by
the defendant; but the jury and the people did not happen to
think of this constitutional provision. Perhaps they had never
heard of it. Every judge is sworn to uphold and defend the
Constitution. No judge can permit any provision of the
Constitution to be violated if he can help it. A man is on
trial before him. A written confession is offered in evidence
to help convict him. The defendant's attorneys claim that
the confession was not voluntary but was induced by threats
or promises. The court then makes inquiry and hears the
witnesses upon this question, and if the court finds that the
confession was not the voluntary act of the defendant, the
same will be excluded because the Constitution provides that
no man <q>shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a
witness against himself</q>.
</p>

<p>
Let us turn again to the false accusation against your father.
He is charged with murder. He is on trial before a jury.
The attorney for the government pulls a paper out of his
pocket and offers it in evidence. It appears to be signed by
your father. Your father's attorney objects to having it considered
by the jury for the reason that the policemen took
your father into a cell in the jail, and threatened that they
<pb n='102'/><anchor id='Pg102'/>
would beat him with their clubs unless he would sign a paper
telling how he committed the offense, and that in terror he
signed the paper. At this point, the court would hear the
statements of your father, and other evidence, and if it appeared
that there were any threats of any kind used to get
your father to sign the paper, it would not be admitted in
evidence at all. Your father would only claim his constitutional
rights as an American, and they would not be denied
to him.
</p>

<p>
There are notable instances in which confessions were
made and signed by innocent parties, who were discouraged
because the facts seemed to be all against them, who felt that
they were certain to be convicted, and that their punishment
would be lighter if they would make a confession. Under
this impression they made and signed a confession. It was
afterward found that the confession was false and that they
were innocent of the crime. This constitutional guaranty
protects against any injustice of this kind.
</p>

<p>
These careful efforts of the makers of the Constitution to
guard the liberties of the most humble persons must impress
us with the earnestness of their efforts to make this a free
country, where no one shall be deprived of his life or liberty
except where proven guilty, after a most carefully guarded
trial.
</p>

<p>
Isn't it fine to live in a country where the people have a
Constitution written in such simple language that even the
little children can read it? I want every one, even the smallest
child, to understand that every line of the Constitution
was written to guard and protect each one of us, young
and old, against injustice and wrong. These safeguards cannot
be taken away except by the people themselves. The
President cannot change the Constitution. Congress cannot
change it. Judges cannot change it. No one but the men and
women of America can alter it in the least.
</p>

<pb n='103'/><anchor id='Pg103'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Show how being put on trial again and again for the same offense
would be an injustice.
</p>

<p>
2. Why is it right to have the verdict of <q>not guilty</q> final?
</p>

<pb n='104'/><anchor id='Pg104'/>

<p>
3. What would be the result if it were not final?
</p>

<p>
4. Why is this of <emph>particular</emph> advantage to the poor man?
</p>

<p>
5. Why should no man be compelled to be a witness against himself?
</p>

<p>
6. Why do they allow a man to be a witness if he so desires?
</p>

<p>
7. What is the importance of the guaranty protecting the defendant
from being examined as a witness?
</p>

<p>
8. When a person is indicted for an offense, what is the duty of the
government with reference to proof of guilt?
</p>

<p>
9. How is guilt proven in court?
</p>

<p>
10. When may a confession made outside of court be introduced as
evidence?
</p>

<p>
11. Why would anyone accused of a crime confess guilt, when in fact
he might not be guilty at all?
</p>

<p>
12. Can the President or Congress or a judge change any of the provisions
of the Constitution?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. Discuss the democracy of the provision that the verdict of <q>not
guilty</q> is final while that of <q>guilty</q> may not of necessity be final?
</p>

<p>
B. Why are confessions wrung from frightened or tortured men likely
to be untrustworthy?
</p>

<p>
C. Why should the <q>Third Degree</q> methods be prohibited?
</p>

<p>
D. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
The Third Degree
</p>

<p>
Early Cases of Torturing Accused Persons
</p>

<p>
The Burdens, Disadvantages, and Injustice of Permitting a Retrial
After A Verdict of <q>Not Guilty</q>
</p>

<p>
Methods Sometimes Used to Secure a Confession of Guilt
</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='105'/><anchor id='Pg105'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XIII. Life, Liberty, And Property</head>
<head type='sub'>Rights Protected By Due Process Of Law&mdash;Property
Taken For Public Use</head>

<p>
The three great things which every man, woman, and
child cherishes are life, liberty, and property. We see in
every one of these guaranties how careful the people who
made the Constitution were to see that these valuable things
were sacredly guarded.
</p>

<p>
It is stated in the Constitution that:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>No person shall ... be deprived of life, liberty, or
property, without due process of law.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution
of the United States, Amendment V.
</p>
<p>
This is a part of the fifth amendment to the Federal Constitution, and
the fourteenth is an expansion of it, and assumes that the man charged
with the crime is innocent until proven guilty. The old standard set in
Europe was that a person charged with crime was considered guilty
until he was proven innocent. All citizens, whether native or foreign
born, have the protection of this amendment.&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>,
Vol. I, p. 622.
</p>
<p>
Previous to 1679 in England an accused person could be detained in
prison for months or even for years and had no recourse to the courts,
but might be thus detained in prison upon a mere charge brought by
some one jealous of him and without real reason. In that year the
people demanded that Parliament should give relief against unjust or
false imprisonment, and Parliament enacted the Habeas Corpus Act.
The provisions of this notable act require that a person imprisoned may
demand a preliminary hearing and learn the cause of his being seized
and imprisoned. Either he or his friends or relatives could go before a
judge of a court and demand a <emph>writ of habeas corpus</emph>. Such writ was
issued by a judge and directed to the jailer or the person detaining the
accused and he was compelled to bring the accused person before the
court and show legal reason why that person should be detained. If no
such cause or reason could be given, the accused person must be set at
liberty. The guaranty of the right to a writ of habeas corpus under
our Constitution is considered hereafter. See page <ref target='Pg144'>144</ref>.
</p>
<p>
<emph>Due process of law</emph> may be defined as <q>according to the law of the
place in which the trial is held</q>. It means in this instance that no
person may be deprived of life, liberty, or property without the right of
judicial trial. <emph>Due process of law</emph> does not necessarily mean <emph>jury trial</emph>.
If a jury trial is the legally recognized method of trying such case, then
jury trial is <emph>due process</emph>, but if trial without a jury is legally provided
for when permitted by the Constitution, in that instance, <emph>due process</emph>
does not require jury trial. For cases in which the right of trial by jury
is guaranteed see pages <ref target='Pg111'>111</ref>, <ref target='Pg125'>125</ref>,
and <ref target='Pg160'>160</ref>.
</p>
<p>
<q>In a word, <q>due process of law</q> to-day signifies <q>reasonable law</q>, in
which sense it bestows upon the courts, and especially upon the Federal
Courts, as final interpreter of the national constitution, a practically undefined range of supervision over legislation both state and national.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia
of American Government</hi>, Vol. I, p. 615.
</p>
<p>
<q>Due process of law, is law in its regular course of administration
through courts of justice.</q>&mdash;Story's <hi rend='italic'>Commentaries</hi>, Vol. III, pp. 264,
661;&mdash;18 <hi rend='italic'>Howard</hi> 272.
</p>
<p>
<q>Any legal proceeding enforced by public authority, whether sanctioned
by age or custom, or newly devised in the discretion of the legislative
power, in furtherance of the general public good, which regards
and preserves these principles of liberty and justice.</q>&mdash;110 <hi rend='italic'>U. S.</hi> 516.
</p>
<p>
<q>Due process of law in each particular case means, such an exercise
of the powers of government as the settled maxims of the law permit
and sanction, and under such safeguards for the protection of the individual
rights as those maxims prescribe for the class of cases to which
the one in question belongs.</q>&mdash;Cooley's <hi rend='italic'>Constitutional Limitations</hi>, p. 441.
</p>
<p>
<q>This provision does not imply that all trials in state courts affecting
the property of persons must be by jury.</q> This depends to some extent
upon the constitution of the respective states, except as limited by the
United States Constitution.&mdash;92 <hi rend='italic'>U. S.</hi> 90.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
You can understand how important this is if you will
realize how in the olden days people were so brutally treated
by their fellowmen, especially by those in power who happened
to represent the government. Have you ever read the
story of the Bastile, a prison in which hundreds of French
people were thrown without a trial, in which many were murdered
and many kept in dark cells chained to the floor for
years? Have you ever read the story of the Tower in London,
where men were imprisoned and murdered without a
trial by any court and without an investigation by any one,
often without the knowledge of their closest friends? Have
you ever read about how the property of people was taken
away from them without trial or investigation to be turned
over to the king or to some of his friends? Until you have
read something of the past, and realize how people suffered,
how they lost their lives, their liberty, and their property,
you will never realize the wisdom of those who framed our
Constitution, nor the affection which they had for the people
<pb n='106'/><anchor id='Pg106'/>
of America in protecting them against such horrible treatment.
</p>

<p>
No person's property can be taken, no person's life can
be taken, no person's liberty can be taken under our
Constitution without due process of law. We do not need to
discuss the meaning of <q>due process of law</q>. You will
learn more about this later, as you study more fully the
details of the Constitution. It is sufficient now to say that
no person's life, liberty, or property can be taken away from
him without his consent, except by a trial before a legal
court, in which the person shall have the right to a fair hearing.
He must have notice of the charge or claim made
against him. He must have a chance to appear in person.
He must have the right to employ attorneys to represent him.
He must have the privilege of bringing in witnesses to tell
the truth about the charges that may be made. There must
be a decision by the court after a speedy public trial. In all
the States of this country any one is entitled to such a trial,
and he is also, in case of defeat, entitled to appeal and present
his case to a different and a higher court. These courts
are the courts of the people, selected by the people, and
neither government nor individuals have any right to take
away anyone's life, liberty, or property unless the people by
and through their courts shall so find and do.
</p>

<p>
Then we find the following constitutional provision: <q><hi rend='italic'>nor
shall private property be taken for public use, without just
compensation</hi>.</q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution
of the United States, Amendment V.
</p>
<p>
Eminent domain means the right and authority of the government to
take private property for public purposes upon the payment of a just
compensation.
</p>
<p>
<q>The superior right existing in a sovereign government by which private
property may in certain cases be taken or its use controlled for the
public benefit, without regard to the wishes of the owner.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's
<hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol. I, p. 657.
</p>
<p>
<q>Eminent domain is said with more precision to be the right of the
nation or the state, or of those to whom the power has been lawfully
delegated, to condemn private property to public use, upon paying to
the owner a due compensation, to be ascertained according to law.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's
<hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol. I, p. 651.
</p>
<p>
Just compensation is generally arrived at by those whose duty it is
to secure the land for the government, by offering a good fair price for
the land. If the owner of the land refuses to accept the offer, the land
may be seized by the proper authority and the matter settled according
to law. The law generally provides that a body of appraisers be appointed
who appraise the value of the land and this amount is offered
to the owner. If he refuses, the matter is carried to the court for determination.
A jury is summoned to assess the value of the land and from
this the owner may usually appeal, but the government cannot appeal;
it must pay the appraised valuation or allow the owner to keep his
property. It must be remembered that private property may only be
taken by the government for public purposes.
</p>
<p>
Some purposes for which the government may take private property
are: forts and arsenals, army posts, or public parks. It may take food
supplies for use of the army or navy in time of war. It may take over
the railroads for the benefit of the people of the Nation, etc. In all
cases it must give just compensation.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
Of course the government at times must have property
which may belong to a private person. The public must at
times take property belonging to an individual. Property
may be taken, even when the owner will not consent to it,
when it is taken for public use. One man's property cannot
be taken by the government and given to another person.
Government buildings must be erected and land must be obtained
<pb n='107'/><anchor id='Pg107'/>
for such purposes. The public must have railroads,
and a railroad can only be built when land is obtained for
what is called the right of way. Sometimes a railroad must
run through lots or farms belonging to private owners.
The higher right of the public to these conveniences, these
necessities, requires that when necessary the private individual
must give up his right of ownership to these higher
public uses. But even for the Nation, or the State, or railway,
or for any other public use, not one foot of land may
be taken from the poorest man in the country unless he is
first fully paid its value therefor. Usually, of course, the
owner will sell his property for such purpose at a fair price,
but, if he is stubborn and will not do so, or if a fair price
cannot be agreed upon then the government of the State or
of the Nation, or the agents of the State or of the Nation
may take such property by first having its value fixed by a
commission, or a jury, composed of the neighbors of the
owner. Where the amount fixed by such commission or jury
is not satisfactory to the owner of the property, he may appeal
to the court and have a trial, usually a jury trial, in
which he can bring his witnesses and prove the value of his
property, so that he will finally receive its full, fair, just
value.
</p>

<p>
By this constitutional guaranty every person is well guarded
in his ownership and possession of property. In countries
existing before America not much attention was paid to the
rights of property owners. If the king or emperor should
demand possession of a certain piece of property the owner
had little to say about it. He received his orders and obeyed
them, because he was afraid of the power of the government.
The government could pay or not as it pleased. But this
period of wrong and injustice was ended, so far as the people
of America were concerned, when the Constitution became
the final power in this land.
</p>

<pb n='108'/><anchor id='Pg108'/>

<p>
There are a few people in this country who seek to have
private ownership of property abolished. No law taking
away the right to own property can ever come into force
in this country until the people by their votes change the
Constitution. The Constitution stands guard over the farms,
the homes, the money, and all forms of personal property. It
guards the cottage of the widow with the same jealous care
that it does the ten-story building of the bank. No person
and no power can interfere with the right to accumulate
property and to hold it, provided only it is honestly obtained.
</p>

<pb n='109'/><anchor id='Pg109'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. What are the three things that every man, woman, and child
cherishes?
</p>

<p>
2. What does the Constitution say about these three things?
</p>

<p>
3. What was the Bastile? The Tower of London?
</p>

<pb n='110'/><anchor id='Pg110'/>

<p>
4. Show how injustice was worked by confining people without due
process of law.
</p>

<p>
5. What are some of the essentials of <q>due process of law</q>?
</p>

<p>
6. When can private property be taken by the government?
</p>

<p>
7. When the State wishes a piece of land, end the owner will not
sell for a fair price, how is the matter adjusted?
</p>

<p>
8. What right for reconsideration has a person against whom a judgment
has been rendered in a trial court?
</p>

<p>
9. How can the reasonable value of property be established or proven?
</p>

<p>
10. Suppose the President of the United States wished a certain piece
of property upon which to build a summer home. Could the President
secure the land? Give reasons.
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. What are some of the steps necessary to due process of law?
</p>

<p>
B. What would be the effect on people if life, liberty, or property could
be taken without due process?
</p>

<p>
C. Discuss the process of condemning property.
</p>

<p>
D. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
Evils of the Bastile and the Tower of London
</p>

<p>
Why Military Courts Do Not Always Follow This Law
</p>

<p>
The Different Purposes For Which Property May Be Taken For
Public Use
</p>

<p>
Why Ownership of Property Should Be Protected
</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='111'/><anchor id='Pg111'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XIV. Criminal Trials</head>
<head type='sub'>Accused Guaranteed A Speedy Public Trial By An
Impartial Jury Of The Local District</head>

<p>
I hope no one here this morning will ever be arrested for
a crime of any kind, and yet, as I have already explained to
you, the innocent are sometimes brought before the court
charged with a grave offense. Therefore you should be interested
in the investigation of the truth of any charge that
may be made against you, whether by a private individual
or by a public officer.
</p>

<p>
I have already explained to you that in all grave offenses
when a person is charged with a crime, he cannot be brought
before the court for trial until the grand jury has investigated
the facts and until they have returned an indictment,
or written charge, to the court. Until this is done, the court
has no power to proceed.
</p>

<p>
But now suppose that you have been arrested, suppose that
a grand jury has investigated the charge against you, has
heard witnesses, and has returned an indictment. You are
then brought up before the court, and the indictment is
read to you. This indictment I will explain to you more
fully later. When the indictment is read you are then
required to say whether you are <q>guilty</q> or <q>not guilty</q>.
If you have committed the crime charged, it may be advisable
to plead guilty and ask for the mercy of the court in
the punishment which he may impose. Courts usually temper
justice with mercy. Courts will usually impose a lighter
sentence when a guilty person pleads <q>guilty</q> and avoids the
delay and expense of a trial. But, if you are innocent, you
will plead <q>not guilty</q>, and then the government, through
<pb n='112'/><anchor id='Pg112'/>
its officers, will get ready for trial. You may not be tried
right away, as it usually takes some time to investigate the
facts and get the witnesses into court. As I will hereafter
explain, you will be entitled to an attorney when the time
comes for your trial, when you will have a chance to hear
the witnesses offered by the prosecution, introduce your own
witnesses, and, under our present law, testify yourself, tell
your own story.
</p>

<p>
If you will walk into a court some day you will see the
judge and over at one side twelve chairs for the jury. When
your case is called for trial the first thing will be to select
the twelve men who will be the jury in your case. I am not
going to give the manner of selection at this time. This will
be fully explained later. I wish now to impress upon you
the fact that the Constitution expressly guards your rights
by providing that you shall be entitled to have your case
tried, not before a judge, but by a jury composed of men
from the ordinary walks of life, laborers, merchants, farmers,
people of all classes; men just like your fathers are.
They are called. They hold up their right hands and take
an oath to try your case fairly and justly and to make a
finding according to the evidence which is brought before
them.
</p>

<p>
The Constitution provides:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the
right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of
the State and the district wherein the crime shall have been
committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained
by law.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution of the United States, Amendment VI.
</p>
<p>
<q>A speedy trial is, it appears, one that is brought on without unreasonable
delay for preparation; and a public trial is not necessarily one to
which every one may obtain admission but one sufficiently free and open
to allow the friends of the accessed and others to watch the proceedings.</q>&mdash;Emlin
McClain, quoted in the <hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>.
</p>
<p>
<q>Criminal prosecution is the means adopted to bring a supposed offender
to justice and punishment by due course of law.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>The speedy trial to which a person charged with crime is entitled
under the constitution is a trial at such a time, after the finding of the
indictment, as shall afford the prosecution a reasonable opportunity, by
the fair and honest exercise of reasonable diligence, to prepare for trial,
and if the trial is delayed or postponed beyond such period, when there
is a term of court at which the trial might be had, by reason of neglect
of the prosecution in preparing for trial, such delay is a denial to the
defendant of the right of a speedy trial, and in such case a person confined,
upon application by <hi rend='italic'>habeas corpus</hi>, is entitled to a discharge from
custody.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol. II, p. 1023.
</p>
<p>
Every jury is sworn to decide according to the evidence presented,
guided by instructions in the law given by the judge. Juries are therefore
held to be <emph>impartial</emph>.
</p>
<p>
The entire United States is divided into judicial districts, of which
there are about ninety-two. These districts are found within the States
as judicial districts do not cut State boundaries. Where the population
is more sparse a Federal district comprises an entire State. Where the
population is more dense a State may contain two or more districts.
There are four United States District Court districts in the State of
New York, two in Iowa, and only one in Nevada, and some other western
States.
</p>
<p>
Congress may by legislative act lay out Federal court districts. These
districts were first established in the Federal Judiciary Act of 1789.
As the population increases Congress may increase the number of districts.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
<emph>This is an absolute guaranty</emph>&mdash;a right which is given to
you, given to each of you, to every man, woman, and child,
young or old, regardless of color or creed. A trial without a
jury would be a violation of your constitutional rights. Of
course, there are a few minor offenses, misdemeanors, and violations
<pb n='113'/><anchor id='Pg113'/>
of city ordinances, which are sometimes tried without
a jury, but in all infamous crimes, for which life may be
taken as punishment or for which a person may be sent to the
penitentiary, every one is entitled to a trial before a jury.
</p>

<p>
Is not this a sacred right? Don't you think that it is wise
to permit people to have their rights and wrongs determined
by a body of plain, honest men? It removes any suggestion
of the abuse of power by a person in a public position. It
inspires confidence in those who are brought before the court
for trial. If we cannot obtain justice before such a body of
men, how can justice be obtained in this world?
</p>

<p>
I have already told you that in this country the people
are not only the makers of the law but the enforcers of the
law. It is in these jury trials where the people enforce the
law.
</p>

<p>
Of course, the hearing before the jury is held in court.
The judge presides. He directs the proceedings of the trial,
sees that it is conducted in an orderly way, endeavors to
prevent any falsehoods from getting before the jury, keeps
away from the jury any hearsay or gossip, or expressions of
prejudice, or other matters not founded on absolute knowledge
and truth. But the jurors are the sole judges of what
the truth is, and, when the case is closed, when the evidence
has all been introduced and the attorneys have made their
arguments and pleas, the members of the jury retire to a
private room by themselves. There they discuss the evidence,
come to some conclusion, make a finding of <q>guilty</q>
or <q>not guilty</q>, and bring in their finding in the form of a
verdict.
</p>

<p>
Have you also observed that the constitutional protection
of your liberty not only provides for a jury trial, but also
provides that it shall be a <q>speedy</q> trial. That is, one
charged with a crime cannot without his consent, be locked
up for weeks and months and years, as has often occurred in
<pb n='114'/><anchor id='Pg114'/>
other parts of the world. He is entitled to be tried just as
soon as the case can be prepared for trial, in justice to both
sides. Cases are often postponed for many months, but
only by consent of the accused. A case not tried at the second
term of court will usually be dismissed except when the
defendant consents to the delay.
</p>

<p>
The Constitution also provides that it must be a public
trial. Oh! how many men in the long ago have been tried
and condemned in private, where only a few enemies were
present, where one's friends and neighbors could not hear
the charges or the evidence. In this country the doors of
the court room must be open. Any one has a right to enter
and listen to the proceedings. The public has a right to
know what is being charged against the humblest citizen, and
what the proceedings against him are. Thus is justice
guarded.
</p>

<p>
Then the Constitution provides that the trial shall be
before <q><hi rend='italic'>an impartial jury of the State and district wherein
the crime shall have been committed</hi>.</q> This is important.
We are not to be sent away among strangers to be tried.
That is what they used to do long ago. That is one of the
things which our forefathers complained of most bitterly. In
the Declaration of Independence the colonies declared:
</p>

<p>
<q>He (the King of Great Britain) has combined with
others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our constitution,
and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his Assent
to their acts of pretended legislation ... for depriving
us in many cases, of the benefits of Trial by Jury ...
for transporting us beyond Seas to be tried for pretended
offenses.</q>
</p>

<p>
When the Constitution was adopted the people made up
their minds that nothing of that kind should ever occur
again in free America. They were so careful that they went
so far as to provide that the district where a trial shall be
<pb n='115'/><anchor id='Pg115'/>
held <q><hi rend='italic'>shall have been previously ascertained by law</hi></q>. That
is to say, that the place of trial, the county or district where
it shall be held, must be fixed by law before the crime is committed.
The courts or the legislature of any State cannot,
after a crime is committed, pass a law providing that such a
crime shall be tried in a district then to be named. The law
must fix this in advance of the commission of any offense.
For instance, without such a constitutional provision, a person
who committed a crime in the State of New York might
be taken to California to be tried. This would not be American
justice. The accused would have the right to point to
the Constitution of his country and demand that he should
be tried in New York, and any court which would not grant
this right would not only violate the oath which every judge
takes before he undertakes to perform the duties of such
office, but his unlawful conduct would perhaps result in his
impeachment. The proceedings would be reversed by a
higher court, and the party would be granted a new trial at
a place and in accordance with his constitutional privileges.
</p>

<p>
Isn't it wonderful how the little details which may affect
one's liberty were so carefully considered away back there
when they were planning the Nation and establishing the
rules which would guard the rights of the people?
</p>

<pb n='116'/><anchor id='Pg116'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Why should all of us be interested in a trial?
</p>

<p>
2. Describe a court room scene.
</p>

<p>
3. Why is trial by jury a sacred right? What would it be like if
we did not have this right?
</p>

<p>
4. How are jurors selected in your State?
</p>

<p>
5. Why is the trial to be held in the vicinity where the crime was
committed? What would be the dangers of taking it far away?
</p>

<p>
6. Why should the jury be impartial?
</p>

<p>
7. If the accused person is guilty, why is it advisable to plead guilty?
</p>

<p>
8. Why is it impracticable to hold a trial immediately after the arrest
of the accused person?
</p>

<p>
9. What is the first step in the actual trial?
</p>

<p>
10. After a jury is selected, what is required of them before the trial
commences?
</p>

<p>
11. Why is a speedy trial essential to justice?
</p>

<p>
12. Why is it important that the trial should be public?
</p>

<p>
13. State some offenses that are sometimes tried without a jury.
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. Can the judge declare an accused man guilty?
</p>

<p>
B. How is trial by jury an evidence of the rule of the people?
</p>

<p>
C. Show how this benefits the poor man and the rich man equally.
</p>

<p>
D. Why are some trials delayed for many months?
</p>

<p>
E. What is the importance of the clause <q>shall have been previously
ascertained by law</q>?
</p>

<p>
F. Discuss the relative role of jury and judge in a trial.
</p>

<p>
G. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
The Method of Selecting Jurors in Your State
</p>
<p>
Delay in Trial
</p>
<p>
The Injustice of Remote Trials
</p>
<p>
Trial by Jury vs. Trial by a Judge
</p>
<p>
The Procedure of a Trial From Beginning to End
</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='117'/><anchor id='Pg117'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XV. The Indictment</head>
<head type='sub'>Defendant Must Be Informed Concerning The
Accusation Against Him</head>

<p>
Now, my friends, in order to understand more fully the
value of our constitutional rights, let us again imagine ourselves
in a place of danger, danger of our liberty or of our
life, and let us recall how carefully we have been guarded.
To the poorest tramp, or the richest millionaire, the same
rules apply. Innocent persons may be accused of crimes; they
may be arrested, but they cannot be brought into court and
put upon trial until they are fully advised of the charge
against them.
</p>

<p>
The Constitution provides:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall ...
be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution of the United States, Amendment VI.
</p>
<p>
If one is not given a preliminary hearing shortly after his arrest, the
right to a writ of <hi rend='italic'>habeas corpus</hi> (defined in another chapter), gives the
accused an opportunity to know the exact nature of the charge against
him and why he is held or detained in prison. Then he is faced by his
accusers in court and bears the charge against him. In all criminal
cases the accused is privileged to be present throughout the entire trial,
in fact he is required to be present during the trial.
</p>
<p>
In early England, and in many other European countries in early
times, the accused person was not even permitted to know the reason
for his imprisonment, and furthermore was tried in court and found
guilty without hearing the evidence or knowing who testified in court.
</p>
<p>
The right of trial upon indictment of a grand jury, and the privilege
of confronting one's accusers in court, having witnesses in one's behalf,
and having an attorney to defend one accused, is not yet allowed in certain
parts of Russia and perhaps other countries in Europe and Asia.
These privileges have been the recognized right of all people in the
United States since our glorious Constitution was adopted and became
the fundamental law of our country in 1789.
</p>
<p>
Teachers of civics in our schools ought to ask permission of the judge
to take their classes to visit a session of the court. The judge is able
to inform the teacher as to when certain cases of most value to pupils
and other persons are to be tried. The trial of certain kinds of cases
brings out many fundamental facts of rights and duties of citizenship
that boys and girls, as well as many adult persons, ought to know.
</p>
<p>
<q>The accused is of all men the most miserable, unless the law gives
him an equal chance to defend himself. Time was when the courts
could hear privately the witnesses against the prisoner, and then call
him into court to answer charges, which he never had heard of, made
upon the testimony of witnesses he never had seen, without any legal
means of compelling his own witnesses to come to court to testify for
him and without any lawyer to speak for him against the trained counsel
for the government. Many of these abuses had been weeded out before
the Constitution was adopted.</q>&mdash;Bacon's <hi rend='italic'>American Plan of Government</hi>,
p. 272.
</p>
<p>
<q>Almost all the reform needed to make criminal procedure humane
and just, has been incorporated into the constitutions and laws of the
states during the first era of independence; but the people of the United
States bad no such safeguards.</q>&mdash;Bacon's <hi rend='italic'>American Plan of Government</hi>,
p. 273.
</p>
<p>
<q>The charge to be answered by the defendant on trial in a criminal
court must be clear, explicit, and definite. The prosecution has no right
to compel the accused to show that he is a good member of society.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>7
Peters Rep. 138.</hi></p></note>
</p>

<p>
This is the first step in bringing a person to trial. He
does not go blindly. He must be informed <q>of the nature
and cause</q> of the charge against him. He must be given full
knowledge of the crime which it is claimed he committed.
<hi rend='italic'>How is this done?</hi> Well, we have to consider the constitutional
provision that one cannot be put upon trial for an
infamous crime <q><hi rend='italic'>unless on a presentment or indictment of a
Grand Jury</hi></q>. What this constitutional provision means is,
that a grand jury shall hear and consider the evidence and,
if satisfied that a person shall be tried, they shall draw up a
writing called an <q>indictment</q>, which they shall return publicly
in court. This indictment is a brief statement by which
the grand jury makes a charge against the person named of
having committed a certain offense, and the indictment must
state not only the name of the offense, but the manner,
<pb n='118'/><anchor id='Pg118'/>
briefly stated, in which the grand jury claims the offense was
committed.
</p>

<p>
So that under this constitutional guaranty the person accused
knows what he is to be tried for. This enables him to
prepare for his defense. When his attorney is consulted he
examines a copy of the indictment. He sees what is charged
in it. He then talks over with the accused the facts and
circumstances with relation to the crime charged. He then
makes proper inquiry. If possible he secures witnesses with
relation to the charge and thus is enabled to come into court
ready to hear the evidence offered by the prosecution and
ready to introduce witnesses to contradict or explain the
testimony introduced by the prosecution.
</p>

<p>
So you see how valuable this right is. One may proceed
intelligently, with full light upon the alleged transaction.
He is not required to stumble in the darkness, perhaps to
tumble into a pitfall. Without such a provision you can see
how helpless an innocent person might be if brought suddenly
before the court for trial for an offense which he never
committed. If he were not first advised of the nature of
the charge and the circumstances he might be helpless. You
know evidence is brought before the court by witnesses who
are called by the attorneys for the prosecution and for the
accused. These witnesses take oath to tell the truth. But,
unfortunately, witnesses do not always tell the truth. They
sometimes commit perjury. One must be ready to meet
false testimony. By the constitutional guaranty requiring
that the accusation be in writing, stating the crime and its
nature, one can be prepared. In many of the States still
greater precaution is taken to guard against any possible
wrong, by requiring not only an indictment but also requiring
that there shall be furnished to the person accused the
names of witnesses and a brief statement of the evidence
which the prosecution expects to offer, this to be furnished
<pb n='119'/><anchor id='Pg119'/>
before the trial commences so that the defendant may get
ready to meet it.
</p>

<p>
Did you ever go into a court when a man was upon trial
for a grave offense? You should do so. Everyone should do
so. But you should go there with the proper spirit, not for
amusement, not to criticise, but with a full realization of the
great human drama there being enacted. There at or near
the trial table you will see the defendant, the man who is
being tried. He may be a stranger. He may be poor. He
may possibly be wicked, but he is a human being; and no
matter what faults he may have he is an American citizen,
and under the Constitution of our country he cannot be convicted
until proven guilty of the particular crime charged in
the indictment. He sits there while witnesses are telling their
stories. You will see him watching the jury. Occasionally
he looks at the judge. But he knows that no matter what
the judge may think, he cannot find him guilty. The jury
and the jury alone can convict.
</p>

<p>
It is a solemn proceeding, though the lawyers may at
times appear to use trifling words in their discussions. The
prisoner looks through the court room window. Outside the
sun is shining, the birds are singing, and the breezes sway
the branches of the green trees. Everything seems to suggest
liberty and freedom. At no time is liberty so sweet as when
it is in danger. The prisoner realizes that in a few days the
trial will be ended and the verdict of the jury will determine
whether he shall go out of the court room to freedom or to
prison.
</p>

<p>
To-day it is the stranger who is on trial. To-morrow it
may be someone who is near and dear to you. If such misfortune
should come, then you will fully realize what a
wonderful blessing it is that under our Constitution everyone
is assured of a fair trial, that a person can only be tried for
the specific offense stated in the indictment, and that a verdict
<pb n='120'/><anchor id='Pg120'/>
of guilty can only be rendered when the evidence is strong
enough to convince the jury of guilt beyond a reasonable
doubt.
</p>

<pb n='121'/><anchor id='Pg121'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Restate the guaranties that every man has before being brought
to trial.
</p>

<p>
2. Why should the accused be informed of the nature of the accusation?
</p>

<p>
3. What would be the result if he were not so informed?
</p>

<p>
4. Why is it necessary that this accusation be put in writing?
</p>

<p>
5. Why is this important to everybody?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. Illustrate the dangers of secret charges.
</p>

<p>
B. What chance has a person with malicious and secret gossip?
</p>

<p>
C. Upon a trial can evidence of hearsay or gossip be offered to prove
guilt?
</p>

<p>
D. When a person makes a charge against a person and says, <q>Don't
tell anyone that I said this</q>, what is the effect?
</p>

<p>
E. Tell some of the dangers and injustices of slander.
</p>

<p>
F. What is the first step in bringing an accused person to trial?
</p>

<p>
G. Is it sufficient to charge the defendant with having committed murder
without any further explanation? Give reasons.
</p>

<p>
H. What is required of a witness before he is examined?
</p>

<p>
I. What is perjury?
</p>

<p>
J. Why is a trial a solemn proceeding?
</p>

<p>
K. How strong must the evidence be in order that a person may be
found guilty?
</p>

<p>
L. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>The Need of a Public and Written Charge</p>
<p>The Danger of the Secret Slander</p>
<p>How An Accused Person Prepares For His Trial</p>
<p>A Visit to a Court in Session</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='122'/><anchor id='Pg122'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XVI. Guarding Rights In Court</head>
<head type='sub'>Confronted By Witnesses&mdash;Compulsory Process&mdash;Aid
Of Counsel&mdash;Jury In Civil Trial</head>

<p>
I am sure that no one until he has studied the Constitution,
no one certainly who is not a trained lawyer, will realize the
many safeguards necessary to protect persons who may be
wrongfully accused of a crime; but the framers of the Constitution
knew the dangers from the sad experiences of innocent
men and women who had been sacrificed by tyrants who
had but little regard for human life or for human liberty.
</p>

<p>
Of course you now understand that in case an indictment
is returned by the grand jury, the person accused comes into
court, or is brought in, and enters his plea of <q>guilty</q> or of
<q>not guilty</q>. If he pleads <q>not guilty</q> a jury is brought together,
<q>empanelled</q>, as it is called, and they are sworn to
hear the evidence, and decide the case according to the evidence.
</p>

<p>
But in these grave criminal trials, in order that the truth
may prevail, every accused person is given the right to be
confronted by the witnesses against him. The Constitution
provides:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall ...
be confronted with the witnesses against him.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution of the United States, Amendment VI.
</p>
<p>
<q>In judicial procedure a witness is one who is duly called upon to
testify under oath as to matters within his knowledge. By rules of
procedure some persons are disqualified from testifying on account of
want of mental capacity as, for instance, idiots, insane persons, and infants
who have not attained the age of discretion. Others who are qualified
to testify may be of such character that their testimony is not entitled
to the weight which should be given to some other witness. Furthermore,
a witness may be so related to the subject matter or to the
parties as that in the particular case his testimony should not be received,
or should be received under limitations as to its credibility and
weight. And finally the competency of testimony offered is regulated by
rules of evidence fixed by law.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>Under constitutional guaranties of religious freedom, the religious
belief of a witness cannot be made a ground for his disqualification to
testify.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>As to criminal prosecution, it is usually provided in state constitutions
as it is in the Fifth and Sixth Amendments to the Federal Constitution
that the accused shall not be compelled to be a witness against
himself and that he has a right to be confronted with the witnesses
against him and to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in
his favor. These are privileges which the accused may waive.</q>&mdash;Emlin
McClain, quoted in <hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>, Vol. III, p.
693.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
What does this mean? It means that the government, the
prosecution, cannot prove guilt by witnesses who are not
present in court where the defendant can see them, where
they may be cross examined by counsel, where the jury may
observe them, and study their conduct and demeanor, because
this often helps in determining whether a person is
telling the truth or a falsehood.
</p>

<p>
In ordinary trials where property alone is involved, a
<pb n='123'/><anchor id='Pg123'/>
witness may live in another State or at some great distance
from the place of trial. Witnesses cannot be brought a long
distance in those cases. In some States they cannot be compelled
to attend a distance of more than seventy miles. In
other States, not more than one hundred miles; so that to get
their testimony, the parties take their depositions. This
means that instead of bringing the witness into court, the
parties obtain an order by which they can go to the place
where the witness is. There he is sworn before a commissioner,
or a notary public, examined, and his testimony
is taken in writing. The testimony is returned to the court
where the trial is to be held, and is then read to the court or
the jury upon the trial.
</p>

<p>
But in the trial of a person accused of a crime, depositions
cannot be used against him. Statements of witnesses in
writing, or in any other form, cannot be used by the prosecution.
The witnesses must be physically in court before the
accused, and there orally testify, and the defendant must
have the right to cross examine them.
</p>

<p>
But to give the accused person every possible aid in
enabling him to have the truth brought before the court
and jury, he may take the depositions of witnesses in his own
behalf. That is, the prosecution&mdash;the State or the Nation
accusing a man of a crime&mdash;must prove the truth of the accusation
by witnesses personally in court confronting the
defendant, but the defendant is given the privilege of taking
the testimony of witnesses at a distance, in the form of depositions
which are read to the jury.
</p>

<p>
This provision of the Constitution may be very important
to an innocent person sometimes. The importance of it may
never appear to us until unfortunately we be wrongfully accused
of a crime, and our life or liberty in danger.
</p>

<p>
Then the Constitution further provides:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the
<pb n='124'/><anchor id='Pg124'/>
right ... to have compulsory process for obtaining
witnesses in his favor.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p><q>Compulsory
process is the means of compelling a witness to appear
before the court at the time of trial and, under oath, tell what he
knows about the matter under consideration.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>,
Vol. II, p. 766.
</p>
<p>
A <emph>subpoena</emph> is an order issued in a court and given to a sheriff or
other executive officer, to be served upon or read to a witness, compelling
him to appear before the court at the time stated. He must lay aside
all pretenses and excuses, and appear before the court or the magistrate
at the time and place named in the subpoena, under a penalty therein
cited for failure to appear. His failure to obey the order of the court,
or subpoena, is known as <emph>contempt</emph>. Contempt is punishable in Federal
courts, and in most States by the order of the judge, and is not subject
to jury trial. (Oklahoma is an exception.)</p></note>
</p>

<p>
This is also very important. <q>Compulsory process</q> means
an order of the court, commonly called <q>subpoena</q>, which is
served upon witnesses by the marshal, or the sheriff, or other
authorized person, commanding them to appear in court for
examination before the court and jury as to the truth of
matters involved in the accusation against a person on trial.
</p>

<p>
Here I wish you to recall the unfortunate fact that every
little while somebody is complaining about our government
as <q>a rich man's government</q>. It is often claimed that the
poor have no chance for justice. The truth is that the rich
and the poor stand equal in the courts. In creating the
Constitution, it is known of course that someone might
be brought before the court who was poor, without money,
possibly without friends. He might be innocent, but in
order that his innocence might be established it would be
necessary for him to have witnesses who might live many
miles away, who would not come into court to testify of
their own free will. Therefore, there was inserted in the
Constitution this provision, that every defendant shall have
the right to compulsory process, commanding witnesses to
appear, and there is no one so poor that he cannot have
this privilege, because the United States&mdash;and in most of the
States we have a like provision&mdash;not only issues subpoenas
and compels the officers to serve them, but it pays the expense
of serving, and pays the witness fees and mileage, so
that the poor man has all of the rights in getting the truth
before the court and jury that the richest may have.
</p>

<p>
Furthermore, in the same American spirit, when persons
accused of an offense are too poor to employ counsel, the
government will furnish counsel. The Constitution provides:
</p>

<pb n='125'/><anchor id='Pg125'/>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall ...
have the Assistance of Counsel for his defence</hi>.</q><note place='foot'><p><q>At
common law a prisoner was not allowed counsel. In England
this right was not granted in all cases before 1836.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of
American Government</hi>, Vol. I, p. 487.
</p>
<p>
The United States was the earliest of nations to not only permit
every person accused of crime and tried before a court to have counsel,
but to furnish counsel for every person who was not himself able to get
counsel or able to pay for counsel.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
There is no person so poor, or obscure, or friendless, that
when he is charged with a crime which might affect his liberty
or his life, he shall not have the right to a full, fair
trial. Not only are his witnesses produced and paid by the
government, but an attorney is appointed by the government
to represent him, and help him establish his innocence.
</p>

<p>
This is a wonderful illustration of the paternal care which
is manifested for those who may be unfortunate, and this is
all because under our Constitution, liberty is a sacred thing,
and it shall not be taken away except in punishment for a
crime which has been proven in open court in a public trial
before a jury, where the party has been confronted with the
witnesses against him, where he has had a chance to furnish
witnesses in his behalf and the aid of counsel in his trial.
</p>

<p>
Then the people who brought the Constitution into being,
feeling that so far as practicable they should have control
of the enforcement of law not only in criminal cases, but in
civil cases, included a guaranty in the Constitution that:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>In suits at common law, where the value in controversy
shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall
be preserved.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution
of the United States, Amendment VII.
</p>
<p>
<q>Common Law is that system of law or form of the science of jurisprudence
which has prevailed in England and in the United States, in
contradistinction from other great systems, such as Roman or civil
law.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol. I, p. 370.
</p>
<p>
<q>Common law is used to distinguish the body of rules and of remedies
administered by courts of law, technically so called, in contradistinction
to those of equity administered by courts of chancery, and to the canon
law, administered by ecclesiastical courts.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>,
Vol. I, p. 370.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
Of course there is often more or less controversy about
property of small value, where the expense and delay of jury
trials might possibly be oppressive, but in any case involving
more than twenty dollars in value, triable under the common
law, which includes practically all cases except those peculiar
cases triable in Chancery, or in Courts of Equity, the parties
are entitled to a trial by jury. That is, instead of introducing
their evidence and having the judge decide what the truth is
between them, the parties are entitled to have a jury of men
from the ordinary occupations of life hear the evidence and
say from the evidence what is the truth.
</p>

<pb n='126'/><anchor id='Pg126'/>

<p>
And furthermore, the people provided in the Constitution
that:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>No fact tried by a jury shall be otherwise re-examined in
any Court of the United States, than according to the rules
of the common law.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution
of the United States, Amendment VII.
</p>
<p>
<q>A jury is a body of men sworn to declare the facts of a case as they
are proven from the evidence placed before them.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>.
</p>
<p>
The definition of a jury explains why the facts of a case are not open
for re-examination after being declared by a jury. It is because a jury
meets in a court in the place where the offense has been committed, and
is therefore better able to know the whole truth, and to determine what
the facts really are than would be possible for any other body of men
who did not have such means of knowing. A higher court in reviewing
a case on an appeal cannot usually go behind the facts as declared
by a jury.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
Here again is the right to a jury trial, and the benefit of
a jury trial, and to a trial according to the established rules
and precedents of the common law courts carefully preserved.
</p>

<p>
Now my friends, I know that there is much confusion in
your minds about trials in court. I do not expect you to
know all about trials. We are studying the guaranties of the
Constitution so that we shall learn human rights&mdash;our rights&mdash;under
the Constitution. I am talking to you about the
safeguards of the Constitution so you shall know your rights,
especially so that you will always venerate the Constitution
which guards your rights, and defend it against those who
may assail it. But I do want you to have a clear idea of
what a trial in court is. I want you to know the purpose of
the long days of examination of witnesses, the objections of the
attorneys to certain questions asked, the rulings of the court,
and the arguments of counsel.
</p>

<p>
<emph>The main purpose, aim, and object of every lawsuit</emph>, as
trials are usually termed by people who are not lawyers, <emph>is to
find the truth</emph>. The proceedings in court in every lawsuit
are a continuous search for the truth. If in disputes we
could agree to what the truth is, there would be few lawsuits
to try.
</p>

<p>
A lawsuit only arises where there is a dispute to settle. If
people agreed about their rights there would be little need
of courts. In criminal cases, the government through the
grand jury charges by indictment that a man committed a
certain crime. The government says the man did it. He
denies it by a plea of not guilty. He says he did not. The
trial before the petit jury is merely a search for the truth
<pb n='127'/><anchor id='Pg127'/>
about the charge. <emph>What is the truth about the matter in
dispute</emph>, that is all that is involved in an ordinary lawsuit.
</p>

<p>
Picture two boys in a dispute about which owns a ball.
One positively asserts that it is his, that his father bought it
and gave it to him. The other is just as sure that it is his.
He says that his brother gave it to him. They quarrel so
excitedly that a neighbor coming across the street asks the
cause of the trouble. They tell him their claims and ask him
to decide. One boy points out a rough spot on the ball
which he insists was caused by a blow from his bat while
he was playing in his own yard. The other says that his
brother gave him a ball with red and white stitches. The
neighbor, after hearing these and many other claims, decides
the case, giving the ball to the boy whom he finds to be the
owner.
</p>

<p>
In this we have every element of a lawsuit. The dispute,
the court (the neighbor), the witnesses (the boys), and the
judgment based upon what the neighbor finds to be the truth
from the evidence before him. That is all that any court
or jury can do, but under the Constitution in cases involving
life or liberty every possible safeguard is provided so that
the truth may be found, so that justice may be done.
</p>

<pb n='129'/><anchor id='Pg129'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Why should all witnesses for the prosecution speak in the actual
presence of the accused?
</p>

<p>
2. Why should the accused be allowed to have testimony in his favor
submitted in writing?
</p>

<p>
3. In what cases is written testimony ordinarily admitted?
</p>

<p>
4. What is compulsory process?
</p>

<p>
5. In what ways does the Constitution aid the poor man?
</p>

<p>
6. In what cases may there be a trial without a jury?
</p>

<p>
7. What is the main purpose of any lawsuit?
</p>

<p>
8. What is meant by cross-examination of a witness?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. In what way do these provisions sustain the fact that our government
is a democracy?
</p>

<p>
B. Is a person more likely to commit perjury when not actually facing
the person accused? Give reasons.
</p>

<p>
C. What is the provision of the Constitution as to <q>compulsory process</q>?
Explain the importance of this right.
</p>

<p>
D. Explain the provision of the Constitution as to the right to have
counsel.
</p>

<p>
E. Show how compulsory process and free counsel help the poor man.
</p>

<p>
F. Why is jury trial omitted in small controversies?
</p>

<p>
G. What is a <q>civil</q> case?
</p>

<p>
H. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>How Perjury is Detected</p>
<p>Oral and Written Testimony</p>
<p>How the Poor Man is Protected</p>
<p>The Purpose of a Trial in Court</p>
<p>The Story of a Tramp Without Money, Accused of an Offense:
How the Constitution Helps Him</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='130'/><anchor id='Pg130'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XVII. Punishment</head>
<head type='sub'>Prohibition Of Excessive Bail Or Fines, Cruel Or
Unusual Punishments, And Involuntary
Servitude</head>

<p>
Before we finish, I want you to have in your mind a clear
conception of the way in which a person accused of an offense
is brought before the court, tried, and convicted or
acquitted.
</p>

<p>
I have already explained that the first step is the arrest
of the suspected person.<note place='foot'>In ordinary
instances arrests may be made only by officers of
the law upon warrants issued by a magistrate. Any officer may, however,
upon his own cognizance of a crime being committed, arrest the
person or persons without warrant. If such authority were not given to
officers of the law, many persons violating law would be able to escape
before a warrant could be issued. Furthermore, under the laws of
some States, any person who sees a crime committed is legally required
to pursue and arrest the offending person and may himself be punished
if he refuses to act. Sheriffs and other officers of the peace may call
upon and require other persons to assist in the pursuit and capture of
fleeing criminals.</note> Again put yourself in the place of
the suspected person.
</p>

<p>
You are arrested. It is the duty of the officer making the
arrest to bring you into a court, but this is not generally
to a trial court. A person is generally brought before what
is called a committing magistrate, a justice of the peace or
commissioner&mdash;some person having authority to issue warrants
of arrest. You may be far from home and friends
when you are arrested. You may be entirely unacquainted
in the neighborhood. The government is not ready to proceed
to your trial. Witnesses must be summoned, not only
for the government, but if you have witnesses you desire to
use, they must be brought in.
</p>

<p>
The general rule is to set the case for hearing&mdash;a <q>preliminary
hearing</q> in a day or two, or a week possibly. You must
therefore wait until this time comes. What are you going to
do? Must you go to jail until they get ready to have the hearing?
No, you are entitled to bail; that is, you are entitled to be
discharged upon a bond fixed by the magistrate, commissioner,
or judge. There are usually only two offenses which
are not, as the saying is, bailable&mdash;murder and treason. Usually
<pb n='131'/><anchor id='Pg131'/>
where murder or treason is charged, the person is not
admitted to bail. He is locked up in a cell to await trial;
but as a general rule, when a person is arrested his bail is
fixed&mdash;that is, the amount of the bond which he must file
in order to be discharged pending the trial. For instance,
if it were a charge of stealing a bicycle, the court might fix
the bail at $500 or $1000. That would mean that if he
would file a bond, with sureties, conditioned that in case
he did not appear for hearing&mdash;that he should run away, for
instance&mdash;the sureties would pay into the court the amount
of the bond. Mostly any person of fair standing in a community
can secure some friends who will sign such a bond,
so that he may have his liberty until the trial.
</p>

<p>
But the framers of the Constitution, again anxious about
the liberties of the people, provided:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>Excessive bail shall not be required.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution of the United States, Amendment VIII.
</p>
<p>
In criminal actions the matter of bail is determined by statute. Bail
is often denied to those accused of committing serious crimes.
</p>
<p>
The term <emph>bail</emph> is used to designate a person who becomes a surety for
the appearance of the defendant in court at the time called for. But in
modern usage the term <emph>bail</emph> means the amount of money pledged by another
person for the appearance of the defendant. If the defendant fails
to appear the person going his bail must pay the stipulated amount into
the court. The payment of the bail does not, however, relieve the delinquent
defendant of further punishment. He may be again seized and
punished as according to the charge, and furthermore may be given additional
punishment for <q>jumping</q> his bail.
</p>
<p>
<q>The defendant usually binds himself as principal with two sureties;
but sometimes the bail alone binds himself as principal, and sometimes
one surety is accepted by the sheriff. The bail bond may be said to
stand in the place of the defendant as far as the sheriff is concerned, and
if properly taken, furnishes the sheriff a complete answer to the requirement
of the writ, requiring him to take and produce the body of the defendant.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's
<hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol. I, p. 211.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
There were many instances in the olden days where bail
was purposely fixed so high&mdash;so far beyond all reason in view
of the nature of the offense that the party could not furnish
the bail, the purpose being to compel the party to remain in
prison. Our Constitution guarantees to every individual that
the amount of bail fixed shall be reasonable in view of the
nature of the offense and if it is not reasonable, the person
arrested may have the matter brought before the court, who
will make full inquiry, and reduce the amount of the bail if
found to be too large.
</p>

<p>
All through these guaranties of the Constitution, all
through these provisions guarding the sacred rights of every
person, you will see that the effort is that justice shall be
done, not injustice; that right shall prevail, not wrong. That
no one shall be kept in prison, deprived of his liberty, unless
absolutely necessary in the interest of justice.
</p>

<p>
Then after a trial, if a person is found guilty, the Constitution
<pb n='132'/><anchor id='Pg132'/>
again guards the rights even of the guilty, by providing:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>Excessive fines (shall not be) imposed, nor cruel and
unusual punishments inflicted.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>United
States Constitution, Amendment VIII.
</p>
<p>
<q>The amount of fine is frequently left to the discretion of the court,
who ought to proportion the fine to the offense.</q>&mdash;Cooley's <hi rend='italic'>Constitutional
Limitations</hi>, p. 377.
</p>
<p>
<q>The object of punishment is to reform the offender, to deter him and
others from committing like offenses, and to protect society.</q> <q>A state
may provide a severer punishment for a second than for a first offense
providing it is dealt out to all alike.</q>&mdash;159 <hi rend='italic'>U. S.</hi> 673.
</p>
<p>
<q>Punishments are cruel when they involve torture or a lingering death;
but the punishment of death is not cruel, within the meaning of that
word as used in the Constitution.</q>&mdash;136<hi rend='italic'>U. S.</hi> 436.
</p>
<p>
A warden of a State penitentiary was recently found guilty of inflicting
cruel punishment because he punished a convict by suspending
his body from chains placed around his wrists.
</p>
<p>
The British Museum contains several machines of torture used to
punish criminals in early days. One is a machine in the form of a hollow
case fitting a human form. This case is filled with sharp spikes driven
through from the outside. The machine was so constructed that when
a victim was placed inside, the sides could be gradually turned up to fit
the body and press these spikes into the body of the victim so as to
produce death.
</p>
<p>
Another machine is constructed much as a cross in form of the letter
X. The victim was fastened in such manner as to bind his wrists and
ankles to the ends of the bars. A horse was then hitched to either his
arms or legs and they were torn from the body.
</p>
<p>
Many States in the United States have now adopted electrocution as
the means of inflicting the death penalty because it is believed to be
the most humane way.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
When this constitutional guaranty was written persons
then living could recall without doubt the barbarous punishments
which had been imposed in civilized countries even
for light offenses. Common hanging was not regarded as
sufficient punishment. <q>Hanged, drawn and quartered</q> was
often heard in the courts of countries which had been left
behind. It was nothing uncommon to see persons upon
the roadside in England left hanging to the gibbet for long
periods of time where the people could see them as a warning.
It was not uncommon in those times to have a penalty of
death imposed for the offense of stealing.
</p>

<p>
It is almost impossible to read of the punishments of the
olden days, even under decrees of courts, without a shudder.
Therefore, every one in America should be filled with gratitude
that in the adoption of our Constitution these excessive
cruelties were forever ended.
</p>

<p>
We have in this country the death penalty only for the
most grave offenses, and it is seldom imposed. Imprisonment
is generally regarded as just and sufficient. I might spend
an hour if we had time, telling you something of the horrible
dungeons which served as prisons in the olden days,
into which God's sunlight seldom entered; of the chains the
prisoners had to wear; of the starvation; yes, and of the lash&mdash;inhumanities
which one can scarcely conceive, and which
can never disgrace the civilization of America.
</p>

<p>
Again, carefully guarding the rights and liberties of the
people we find:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a
punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly
<pb n='133'/><anchor id='Pg133'/>
convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place
subject to their jurisdiction.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution of the United States, Amendment XIII, Sec. 1.
</p>
<p>
This amendment was submitted to the States by resolution of Congress
in 1865 and by proclamation of the President of December 18th
of that year was declared to have received the approval of the requisite
number of States.
</p>
<p>
So far as the abolition of slavery is involved there has been no question
as to the effect of the amendment, but as to what constitutes involuntary
servitude important questions have arisen. While the primary
object of the amendment was to free the colored race, the general purpose
was to render impossible the existence within the jurisdiction of the
United States of any legal or social institution imposing involuntary
labor on any class of persons. The introduction here of the peonage system
prevalent in Mexico, the coolie system of China, or the padrone system
of Italy fall within the prohibition.
</p>
<p>
The amendment permits imprisonment and also involuntary servitude
as a penalty for failure to pay a fine imposed as a punishment. Moreover
the services of persons imprisoned for crime belong to the State
and may be leased, subject of course to humanitarian regulations as
to the method in which such services may be employed.
</p>
<p>
Under the enforcement clause Congress has legislated against peonage,
that is, a condition of enforced servitude by which the servitor is restrained
of his liberty and compelled to labor in liquidation of some
contract, debt, or obligation. But without such legislation, State statutes
imposing imprisonment or servitude for non-performance of contractual
obligations are invalid as in conflict with the provisions of the
amendment.&mdash;Emlin McClain, in the <hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>,
Vol. III, p. 536.
</p>
<p>
In the early days many of the American colonies permitted imprisonment for debt, and one of the greatest patriots and philanthropists of
colonial times, Robert Morris, was imprisoned for debt by the State of
Pennsylvania.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
This is not a part of the original Constitution. It was
adopted after the war had driven slavery from our shores.
The spirit of America has from the beginning been exerted
in enlarging the rights of human beings. Slavery existed
before the adoption of the Constitution, and so strongly was
it intrenched at that time in some of the colonies that it
was impossible then to wipe it out.
</p>

<p>
But it did not belong in America, and the time came when
the American people, after a long bitter war, crushed the
slave power, and swept from our shores the last vestige of
involuntary servitude. That it might not be renewed, the
people amended the Constitution so as forever to bar slavery
or involuntary servitude except as men might be put in
prison in punishment for crime after a full, fair trial.
</p>

<p>
Did you ever read of the debtor's prison? It used to be
in nearly every country in the world, that men who were
merely unfortunate, who got in debt and who could not pay
when the debt was due were sent to prison, and kept there
sometimes for long periods. It was most cruel, because in
many instances the persons were honest. They wanted to
pay their debts, but sickness came, or floods, or fire, or other
misfortune, and when the time came they were unable to
pay and thus they lost their liberty.
</p>

<p>
In those olden days, men were not only imprisoned, but
in some countries they were compelled to labor for the person
whom they owed. They were compelled to be slaves.
</p>

<p>
But at last we have reached a stage in America, where
no one may be compelled to work for another, unless by his
own free will, except under conviction of a crime where the
State may compel prisoners to work for some one in order to
help pay the expense of maintaining them.
</p>

<p>
The old debtor's prison is gone. No one in this country
<pb n='134'/><anchor id='Pg134'/>
can now be imprisoned for an ordinary debt. There are a
few States in which a person may be imprisoned for debts
arising in fraud, but for an ordinary contract debt, mere
inability to pay, no one in America can now be compelled to
submit to imprisonment.
</p>

<p>
I wish sometime you would think seriously about what
America has done for the poor. In the olden days they
had few if any rights; but to-day in America, while by law
we cannot prevent sickness nor sorrow, or other misfortune,
we can and we do guard the liberty of the poorest and the
most unfortunate. In fact many laws have been enacted which
give to the poor special privileges which are denied to those
who have property or money.
</p>

<p>
For instance in nearly every State there are what are
called exemptions for a person who is the head of a family,
which protect him even in the possession of a limited amount
of property which his creditors cannot take away from him
in payment of a debt. In most of the States laborers may
hold the earnings of a certain period, for instance ninety
days, for support of themselves and their families, which no
one can touch, which no officers and no court can seize in
payment of a debt. Also they are protected in their household
goods, their clothing for themselves and their families,
and in many other ways.
</p>

<p>
The farmer who may be heavily in debt is protected for
himself and his family by having exempted to him a team
of horses, harness and wagon, machinery, farm utensils, and
food and clothing for the family.
</p>

<p>
I have not time to relate all that has been done by America
in sympathetic aid of the poor and the unfortunate. No
other country in the world has given such consideration to
the poor as has America.
</p>

<p>
We hear much talk of social injustice, that the poor man
has no chance. The truth is that more has been done in
<pb n='135'/><anchor id='Pg135'/>
America during the past twenty-five years to provide justice
for the poor and unfortunate and for those who toil, than
was done in any other country of the world during the last
one thousand years. The spirit of America is right. The
people have the power. They are right at heart. The only
weakness in America is the failure of many thousands of
our men and women to take an active interest in the affairs
of government. Hundreds of thousands, yes millions, of our
voters fail to go to the polls on election day to vote. They
do not seem to feel any gratitude for the privilege of living
in a free country where liberty is guarded by written guaranties
of a Constitution which cannot be changed, except by
the will of the people themselves.
</p>

<pb n='137'/><anchor id='Pg137'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. After a person is arrested where is he generally taken by the
officer?
</p>

<p>
2. If the hearing is postponed, what is generally done with him in the
meantime?
</p>

<p>
3. What is bail?
</p>

<p>
4. What offenses are not bailable?
</p>

<p>
5. What is the constitutional guaranty as to bail?
</p>

<p>
6. Why should excessive bail be prohibited? What would be the injustice
of this practice?
</p>

<p>
7. What happens when a person <q>out on bail</q> fails to appear in court
at the time set? Is he relieved of further punishment?
</p>

<p>
8. If a magistrate fixes excessive bail, what may the accused person
do in order to have it reduced?
</p>

<p>
9. Name some cruel and unusual punishments?
</p>

<p>
10. When was slavery in America abolished?
</p>

<p>
11. What was a debtor's prison?
</p>

<p>
12. How does America protect the poor? Can a debtor be put in prison
for failing to pay ordinary debts?
</p>

<p>
13. What is meant by <q>exemptions</q> in relation to property and debts?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. Explain the injustice of requiring excessive bail?
</p>

<p>
B. When a judge determines the amount of bail, what factors does he
consider?
</p>

<p>
C. What is the purpose of punishment?
</p>

<p>
D. Discuss the movement for prison reform.
</p>

<p>
E. What is the purpose of the bankruptcy law?
</p>

<p>
F. Write a paper on:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>Cruel and Unusual Punishments</p>
<p>Punishment and Crime in the United States</p>
<p>How America Protects the Poor Man</p>
<p>The Reformatory Versus the Penitentiary</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='138'/><anchor id='Pg138'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XVIII. Equal Rights Of Citizens</head>
<head type='sub'>All Citizens Entitled To Equal Privileges And Immunities&mdash;Right
To Vote Not Abridged</head>

<p>
The great achievement in American government was the
establishment of a Nation composed of independent and sovereign
States. It was not an easy matter to bring all these
States together as one government, so that there would be
harmony and unity; but the framers of the Constitution succeeded
in a wonderful way in adopting rules and regulations&mdash;the
Constitution&mdash;which made this the most powerful
and the most peaceful Nation in the world.<note place='foot'>James
Bryce has written of our government: <q>The American
Union is ... a state which, while one, is nevertheless composed of
other states even more essential to its existence than it is to theirs.</q></note>
</p>

<p>
Only once has there been any serious question between the
States, and the Civil War settled that forever. Following the
war, to bind the States more firmly together by the establishment
of the rights of citizens of the various States, an amendment
to the Constitution was adopted in 1868, by the people
of the Nation, which is as follows:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and
subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United
States and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall
make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges
or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the equal protection of the laws.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution
of the United States, Amendment XIV. Sec. 1.
</p>
<p>
A person may attain to citizenship in the United States in any of
seven different ways: 1. By birth&mdash;i.e. natural born. 2. By naturalization,
which usually requires continuous residence for five years. 3. By
treaty regulation. 4. By statute of Congress. 3. By annexation of
territory. 6. By marriage&mdash;if a foreign woman marries an American
citizen. 7. By honorable discharge from the army or navy, upon which
the court admits to citizenship regardless of the time of residence in the
United States.
</p>
<p>
In the United States we recognize a dual citizenship&mdash;citizenship in
the United States, and citizenship in a State. Any person who is a
citizen of the United States is also a citizen of the State wherein he or
she resides. Nine different States grant the right of suffrage and State
citizenship to such foreigners as take out their first naturalization papers.
These States are Alabama, Arkansas, Indiana, Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska,
Oregon, South Dakota, and Texas.
</p>
<p>
Citizenship must not be confused with the right of suffrage. Neither
one necessarily includes the other. All citizens cannot vote&mdash;children
for example. All voters are not necessarily citizens, those in the above
nine States for example.
</p>
<p>
Aliens in the United States have practically all the civil rights that
are enjoyed by citizens, but they do not have political rights. An alien
may purchase, own, and convey property. He may sue and be sued in
the courts.
</p>
<p>
<q>There can be no doubt that the minimum expectation of the framers
of this amendment to the Constitution was that it would make the first
eight amendments to the Constitution binding upon the states, as they
already were upon the Federal Government, and that it should be susceptible
not only of negative enforcement by the courts but also of
direct positive enforcement by Congress.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>,
Vol. II, p. 41.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
This portion of our Constitution establishes the citizenship
of every person born or naturalized in the United States,
and guarantees the rights of such citizens, not only in the
State where he lives, but in any State. No State has the
power, since the adoption of this amendment, to make or
<pb n='139'/><anchor id='Pg139'/>
enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges, rights,
or immunities of citizens, no matter in what State they may
make their home.
</p>

<p>
By this amendment all States are prohibited from enacting
any law, or permitting any procedure of their courts,
which shall <q>deprive any person of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law</q>.
</p>

<p>
You will recall that immediately after the adoption and
approval of the original Constitution there were ten amendments
adopted which became effective in 1791, in one of
which it was provided that no person <q>shall be deprived of
life, liberty or property, without due process of law</q>. This
forever barred the United States government from depriving
the humblest citizen of his life, his liberty, or his property,
except through the regular processes of the law which we
have heretofore considered; and by the amendment of 1868
the same restriction was placed upon every State in the
Union, thus completing the guaranty to every man, woman,
and child, that life, liberty, and property would be safe and
sacred. No power exists in the State or Nation by which life,
liberty, or property may be interfered with, except through
the tribunals established by the people themselves to hear and
determine in a judicial way after proper notice with full opportunity
to be heard in a public trial.
</p>

<p>
No secret schemes can be devised which will interfere with
the rights of the humblest citizen, no power can be created
strong enough wrongfully to invade the right to life, liberty,
and property. These guaranties, being written into the Constitution,
will stand forever, unless the people by their own
choice shall throw away these great guaranties and destroy
these great blessings.
</p>

<p>
Then following the Civil War, the people of America
adopted the following as part of the Constitution of the
United States:
</p>

<pb n='140'/><anchor id='Pg140'/>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall
not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any
State on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.</hi></q><note place='foot'>Constitution of the United States, Amendment XV.</note>
</p>

<p>
You remember the Emancipation Proclamation by President
Lincoln which struck the chains from the limbs of men
and women and children who had been slaves for generations.
They were human beings, though of the colored race.
They were lifted from the position of slavery to the dignity
of citizenship, and clothed with power to help in the government
of their country by being given the privilege of going
to the ballot box to vote. To establish this right and protect
this privilege for all time, this amendment to the Constitution
was adopted by the people of the United States. It
was a bold thing to do, to clothe a subject race which had
little opportunity for education with the rights of citizenship.
No nation in the world ever before attempted such
a wonderful and radical experiment; but the people of
America, having real confidence in human beings, regardless
of color, race, or creed, assumed the responsibility of
admitting the former slaves as part of the power of government
in this country.
</p>

<p>
Of course you realize that the value of a citizen to his
country, when it comes to voting and making laws, depends
upon his knowledge of public affairs, and his confidence in
his government; and therefore education is absolutely necessary
to real service to one's country. That is one of the big
objects of education&mdash;to qualify persons for full citizenship.<note place='foot'><p><q>By a series of decisions the most important of which were those
in the Slaughter House cases (16 Wallace 36) and in the Civil Rights
Cases (109 U.S. 3) the United States Supreme Court established the
following principles: (1) that the prohibitions of the fourteenth amendment
are addressed to the states as such and not to private individuals;
(2) that these prohibitions contemplate only positive state acts and not
acts of omission; (3) that the amendment recognizes a distinction between
state citizenship and United States citizenship; (4) that it protects
from state abridgement only <q>the privileges and immunities</q> which
the Constitution by its other provisions bestows upon <q>citizens of the
United States</q> as such.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>, Vol. II,
p. 41.
</p>
<p>
The nineteenth amendment which is now ratified by the States, provides
that <q>the right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not
be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account
of sex.</q>&mdash;Constitution of the United States, Amendment XIX.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
Too many of us consider the right to vote simply as a privilege
to help some neighbor to be elected to some public
office. This view is all wrong. Our country is first, and we
never should help a neighbor to be elected to an office
unless that neighbor can help to make this a better government.<note place='foot'><q>The
good citizen must in the first place, recognize what he owes
his fellow citizens. If he is worthy to live in a free republic he must
keep before his eyes his duty to the nation of which he forms a part. He
must keep himself informed, and he must think of himself as well as of
the great questions of the day; and he must know how to express his
thoughts.</q>&mdash;Theodore Roosevelt.</note>
</p>

<pb n='141'/><anchor id='Pg141'/>

<p>
When we elect any one, we are selecting a servant to represent
us, to act for us. Therefore great care should be exercised
in selection. We must inquire not only whether the
person is good and virtuous, but also whether the person is
useful, and has right ideas about public service.<note place='foot'>In
receiving applications for the many appointments which it was
his duty to make, President Taylor said: <q>I shall make honesty, capacity
and fidelity indispensable requisites to the bestowal of office; and the
absence of any one of these qualities shall be deemed sufficient cause for
removal.</q></note>
</p>

<p>
If congressmen, judges, legislators, mayors, or other public
servants are not honestly or truly representing the people,
if they are not carrying out the will of the people in their
official actions, this simply proves that the people have not
selected the right kind of men to represent them. There
are honest men; there are men who are tried and loyal and
patriotic. They are our neighbors. We have the choice of
selecting them if we want to. <emph>The truth is</emph> that nearly all
public officers are honest and patriotic. The truth is that
as a rule they try to do what the people want. But <emph>the truth
is</emph> that the majority of the American people take so little
interest in public affairs that they make no effort to have
their servants in public life know what they do want. People
are ready to criticise if a mistake is made, but they will do
little to help avoid mistakes.
</p>

<p>
I'll tell you what I would like to see. I'd like to see this
assembly room in this school filled one night each week with
children and men and women, with parents and teachers. It
would be a real community meeting to talk over community,
State, and National matters. I would like to see such a meeting
in every school in this city, in this State, and in the
Nation. I wish someone would start a movement to have
the movies closed one evening each week, so that the people
might have at least one night to give some little consideration
to the serious problems of life. <q>Eternal vigilance is the
price of liberty.</q> Vigilance means watchfulness, care, and
thought. Every man, woman, and child in America should
watch and pray that our liberties so dearly bought with the
life blood of heroes should not be taken away.
</p>

<pb n='143'/><anchor id='Pg143'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Show how the United States gave citizens of the different States
equal rights.
</p>

<p>
2. Who can vote in the United States? Who are citizens of the
United States?
</p>

<p>
3. Is the power to vote simply a privilege?
</p>

<p>
4. Why is it that our representatives sometimes do not truly represent
us?
</p>

<p>
5. How can we interest people in voting?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. Show how it is important that people should have equal rights in
the various States.
</p>

<p>
B. Give some illustrations of the variations from State to State of
certain local laws, such as automobile laws, etc.
</p>

<p>
C. If the law of New York limits the speed of an automobile to 25
miles per hour and the law of Massachusetts limits the speed to
20 miles per hour, can a citizen of New York travelling in Massachusetts
legally operate his car at 25 miles per hour? Under like
circumstances can a citizen of Massachusetts while in New York
operate his car at 25 miles per hour?
</p>

<p>
D. Show in detail the dangers of not voting.
</p>

<p>
E. How may a person obtain citizenship?
</p>

<p>
F. What has education to do with citizenship or voting?
</p>

<p>
G. Should you vote for a neighbor simply out of friendship? What
should be taken into consideration?
</p>

<p>
H. Discuss Roosevelt's definition of a good citizen given in Note 5.
</p>

<p>
I. Outline a proper program for a community meeting.
</p>

<p>
J. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>The Privileges of the Citizen</p>
<p>The Danger of Not Voting</p>
<p>The Ballot&mdash;An Obligation Not a Privilege</p>
<p>How to Become a Naturalized Citizen</p>
<p>Voting and other Duties of Citizenship</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='144'/><anchor id='Pg144'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XIX. Writ Of Habeas Corpus</head>
<head type='sub'>The Privilege Of The Writ Of Habeas Corpus Not To
Be Suspended Except In War</head>

<p>
Here is something in our Constitution which I suppose you
have read, but which you probably do not understand. That
is, you probably do not understand its real value, not to somebody
else, but to yourselves, because all of these provisions of
the Constitution are for each one of us.
</p>

<p>
We may go along through life, never being placed in a
position where we will have to call upon the Constitution to
defend us. Most of our people are peaceful and just, and
it isn't often that the rights of innocent persons are attacked
or invaded. It isn't often that an innocent man is arrested
for a crime, and yet such a thing may occur any day to any
one of us. You may rest assured that such things do not
occur as often as they would if the Constitution did not stand
as a barrier to protect innocent persons. These great constitutional
guaranties are not only valuable when we want
to assert our rights, but they are valuable as a restraint upon
wrongdoers.<note place='foot'><p><q>The
American Constitution is the most wonderful work ever struck
off at a given moment by the brain and purpose of man.</q>&mdash;William E.
Gladstone.
</p>
<p>
<q>It will be the wonder and admiration of all future generations and
the model of all future constitutions.</q>&mdash;William Pitt.
</p>
<p>
<q>Our fathers by an almost divine prescience, struck the golden mean,</q>
when they made the Constitution.&mdash;Pomeroy.
</p>
<p>
<q>It (The U. S. Constitution) ranks above every other written constitution
for the intrinsic excellence of its scheme, its adaptation to the circumstances
of the people, the simplicity, brevity and precision of its language, its judicious mixture of definition in principle with elasticity in
details.</q>&mdash;James Bryce.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
Now here is this provision:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>The Privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be
suspended, unless when in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the
public Safety may require it.</hi></q><note place='foot'><q>This
is the most famous writ in the law; and, having for many
centuries been employed to remove illegal restraint upon personal liberty,
no matter by what power imposed, it is often called the great writ of
liberty.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol. I, p. 917.</note>
</p>

<p>
What is a <q>writ of habeas corpus</q>? <q>Habeas Corpus</q> is a
Latin phrase, which in English means <q>you may have the
body</q>. A writ of habeas corpus is a writ directed to the person
detaining another, or holding him in prison, commanding
him to produce the prisoner at a certain time and place
before a court or judge, so that the right of imprisonment or
<pb n='145'/><anchor id='Pg145'/>
restraint may be inquired into. It is an ancient writ, recognized
as far back in English jurisprudence as 1679. It was
used against the king in the reign of Henry VII, and on
through the later years. It was recognized from time to time,
sometimes entirely denied, and again given force.
</p>

<p>
But as applied to you and to me, what does it signify?
Suppose on your way home this evening, some person should
seize you and force you to go to jail, and lock you up. No
charge is made against you. You are innocent of any offense.
You sit there in the cell wondering what it all means. You
cannot even communicate with your parents or friends. The
jail is built of stone, the iron bars are strong, and you are
helpless.
</p>

<p>
Well, in the olden days, many a man and woman had
such experiences, and many a man and many a woman lay
in jail for long periods without any charge, or any trial,
deprived of liberty, utterly powerless.
</p>

<p>
Now as I said, suppose you were in jail to-night&mdash;not even
permitted to communicate with a friend or with a lawyer,
and your father found out where you were. He could not
go and break down the prison walls. He could not even talk
to you; but if he were familiar with the Constitution of the
United States and of his State&mdash;because there is a like provision
in the Constitutions of all States&mdash;if your father understood
his constitutional rights, he would at once apply to
some court or judge for a writ of habeas corpus. It would be
a simple matter. He would set out in writing the facts,
simply the story that you were seized and were imprisoned
wrongfully, and he would ask that a writ of habeas corpus
issue, and this request, no court or judge can deny. He
would promptly issue the writ, which would be in writing
directed to the person keeping you in jail, or the keeper of
the jail, or some one who was aiding in keeping you in jail,
and this writ would command such person to have you
<pb n='146'/><anchor id='Pg146'/>
brought before the court at once, <q>commanding him to
produce the body of the prisoner at a certain time and place</q>.
You would be brought there, and the person having you in
jail would have to show cause for such conduct. Unless legal
cause were shown, the judge would promptly discharge you,
and the person who had committed the wrong against you
would probably receive proper punishment, after a trial, for
his wrongful act.
</p>

<p>
Now there were long periods of time in England when
the right to a writ of habeas corpus was suspended, during
which time a person wrongfully in prison had no relief and
no remedy, when helpless men and women starved and died.
So when the Constitution was adopted, the people of America
were careful to see that the following guaranty was written
therein:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>The Privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be
suspended</hi></q>.<note place='foot'><p>In 1861 Chief
Justice Taney decided in the United States Circuit
Court of Maryland that Congress alone possessed the power under the Constitution
to suspend the writ.&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>American Law Register</hi>, 524.
</p>
<p>
The privilege of the writ is, however, necessarily suspended whenever
martial law is declared in force; for martial law suspends all civil
process.
</p>
<p>
<q>As a recognized legal remedy, resort to the proceeding by habeas
corpus may be had where a person is imprisoned under pretended legal
authority which in fact for any reason is absolutely void, as where the
warrant of arrest or commitment is insufficient or the proceeding under
which the warrant was issued was without legal authority.</q>
</p>

<p>
<q>A state court or judge cannot inquire by habeas corpus into the
validity of arrest or detention of a person under federal authority. The
right to redress in such cases, if any, must be sought in the Federal
courts. But on the other hand Federal courts and judges may inquire
into the cause of the restraint of liberty of any person by a state when
the justification of Federal authority or immunity is set up for the
act complained of.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>, Vol. II, p.
106.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
Under our Constitution this may be done only <q>in case of
rebellion or invasion</q> when <q>public safety may require it</q>.
For instance, in the World War, which you all remember,
some dangerous person, some traitor, might have been arrested
by the military authorities and detained in custody,
and he could not be discharged upon a writ of habeas corpus,
because a state of war existed, and public safety required that
he be held. Of course in times of war persons engaged in
the military service are not entitled to a trial in a civil court
for their offense. They are tried for military offenses by
court martial. That is a military court, where the judges
are military officers, ordered by their superiors to sit and
hear the evidence. There is not much formality. In
grave offenses prompt action is necessary. Spies are caught,
the courts organized, the evidence taken, a finding of guilty
made, and the party shot, all perhaps within twenty-four
hours. These are the necessary awful consequences of war.
<pb n='147'/><anchor id='Pg147'/>
But can't you see now what a sense of security this little
provision of our Constitution ought to bring to each one
of us? We always know that in case of our wrongful arrest,
a writ of habeas corpus will bring us before some court
where we may have prompt inquiry into the reasons for
invading our right to liberty, and prompt order for discharge
if the arrest is not justified.
</p>

<p>
This writ issues not only in behalf of persons confined
in jails and prisons, but also in every case where one is
held by force against his will by another person, because
this is a free country, and no man, whether a private citizen
or public officer, has any power to restrain another against
his will, unless such restraint is under legal proceedings
with all the safeguards of the Constitution.
</p>

<p>
I remember a case when unfortunately a father and
mother were separated and divorced. Their little boy was
left with his mother. The judge decided that the father
was a bad man and that he was not worthy to have charge
of his son.
</p>

<p>
A few months later that father went to the house where
the mother and boy lived, watched behind the hedge until
the little boy was at play in the yard, when he seized him,
jumped in an automobile which was waiting for him in the
woods, and drove away at great speed. He took the boy to
a boarding school in a neighboring State, telling the principal
of the school that he wanted the boy safely kept until
he should return from Europe. After many days the
sheriff with the aid of detectives found where the boy was.
The mother came to the school. Of course she was filled
with joy when she saw her son. She thought that she could
take him away with her at once, but the principal would not
consent. He said that he had no knowledge of whether or
not she was the boy's mother; that she had no right to take
him away; and that his duty was to return the boy to
<pb n='148'/><anchor id='Pg148'/>
the man who had left him in the school. The appeal of
the mother and the tears of the boy were in vain.
</p>

<p>
At last she had to leave the boy. She at once consulted
a lawyer. He prepared a written application asking that a
writ of habeas corpus be issued, commanding the principal
of the school to bring the boy before the judge, that the
judge might hear the evidence, and make an order releasing
the boy from the school and placing him in the charge of
his mother. The writ was issued by the judge. An officer
went to the school, read the writ to the principal, who
promptly brought the boy to the court room.
</p>

<p>
There the judge heard the story of the mother and the
simple tale of the little boy, he examined certified copies of
the order of the court awarding the custody of the boy to
his mother, which the sheriff had procured, and then he
very promptly ordered the principal of the school to give the
boy to his mother. The principal was of course glad to do so,
when he found that the father had done wrong.
</p>

<p>
This is only one of hundreds of cases where the writ of
habeas corpus releases someone from wrongful confinement.
Such wrongful confinement may be in a school or in a home
or in a jail or in a dungeon or in a dark cellar. No matter
where, the writ of habeas corpus does not stop at locked
doors or barred windows or stone walls. An officer with such
a writ can break and enter if necessary. No obstacle can be
allowed wrongfully to deprive an American citizen of his
liberty.
</p>

<pb n='149'/><anchor id='Pg149'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. What is a writ of habeas corpus?
</p>

<p>
2. What does <q>habeas corpus</q> mean?
</p>

<p>
3. When was it recognized in England?
</p>

<p>
4. When may it be suspended in America?
</p>

<p>
5. Just what does it mean to the average citizen?
</p>

<p>
6. Can you think of a time when it might be valuable to you?
</p>

<p>
7. What is martial law?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. Just when is a writ of habeas corpus likely to prove valuable?
</p>

<p>
B. Why is it called <q>the most famous writ of the law</q>?
</p>

<p>
C. Show how it affects the poor man.
</p>

<p>
D. Show how it makes for democracy.
</p>

<p>
E. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>
Abuses Found Before the Writ of Habeas Corpus Was Recognized
</p>
<p>
Cases Where It was Used Locally
</p>

<p>
The Experience of the Arrest of an Innocent Man Who Was
Unable to Furnish Bail
</p>

<p>
A Court Martial
</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='150'/><anchor id='Pg150'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XX. Other Prohibited Laws</head>
<head type='sub'>No Bill Of Attainder Or Ex Post Facto Law May Be
Passed By Congress</head>

<p>
This morning I have something else for you which you
probably do not understand, something that you can hardly
imagine would interest you personally; but as I have often
repeated, always bear in mind that every single clause of
the Constitution is made for each and every one of us, no
matter what position we may have in life.
</p>

<p>
The framers of the Constitution said:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be
passed.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution of the United States, Art. I, Sec. 9, Cl. 3.
</p>
<p>
<q>The effect of attainder upon a felon is, in general terms, that all
his estate, real and personal, is forfeited; that his blood is corrupted,
and so nothing passes by inheritance to, from or through him.</q>
</p>
<p>
<q>In the United States the doctrine of attainder is now scarcely known,
although during and shortly after the Revolution acts of attainder were
passed by several of the states. The passage of such bills is expressly
forbidden by the Constitution.</q>&mdash;Bouvier's <hi rend='italic'>Law Dictionary</hi>, Vol. I, p.
190.
</p>
<p>
<q>A bill of attainder, as thought of in the United States to-day, would
be such law as permitted a person charged with the commission of a
crime, to be tried and found guilty and sentenced without being present
at the trial.</q> It is one of the rules of procedure in court to-day that
in all criminal cases the person charged with crime must be present
during the entire trial. Another fundamental judicial fact is that all
criminal punishment terminates with the death of the person found
guilty; his children are exempt.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
What does <q>attainder</q> mean? It means the extinction of
civil rights and capacities and powers, which under the law
in the olden times took place whenever a person was convicted
of treason, or of a crime for which the death sentence
was imposed. It means that all the estate of the convicted person,
all his land, money, or other property, was forfeited to
the government; so that upon his death nothing passed by inheritance
to his heirs. As it was expressed, his blood was
<q>corrupted</q>. He could not sue in a court of justice. He
was helpless to defend any right of himself or his family.
</p>

<p>
By <q>bills of attainder</q>, which were legislative acts imposing
that penalty on the accused without giving him any
hearing in a court, many persons were deprived of their
rights and their possessions in the centuries which have gone
by, in order that such rights and such possessions might go to
some favorite of the government. Of course no one would
have much sympathy for a person who might be actually
guilty of treason, or guilty of a great crime which involved
a death penalty; but in the olden days innocent men were
<pb n='151'/><anchor id='Pg151'/>
often charged with treason and punished. Conspiracies were
formed to get rid of certain individuals who might be an
obstacle to the achievement of base ambitions.
</p>

<p>
The abuses arising out of the imposition of attainder became
so grave that in the time of Queen Victoria a statute
was passed in England abolishing the extreme penalties
which followed it.
</p>

<p>
In some of the colonies in this country, before the Constitution
was adopted, acts of attainder were passed and
enforced; but when the Constitution was finally adopted, bills
of attainder were forever barred.
</p>

<p>
Don't you see the spirit of charity which is manifest in
this, just as in the entire Constitution, charity even for
wrongdoers, charity for the weaknesses of men? Wrongdoers
of course must be punished, yet the Constitution wipes
out harsh and brutal methods which were common in
the days before America came into being.
</p>

<p>
No <q>ex post facto law</q> shall be passed. <emph>What does that
mean?</emph><note place='foot'><p><q>An ex-post-facto
law is a law which in its operation makes an
act criminal which was not criminal at the time the act was committed,
or provides a more severe punishment for criminal acts already committed,
or changes the rules of procedure so as to make it more difficult
for one accused of crime to defend in a prosecution of such crime.</q> <q>The
prohibition relates to retroactive criminal statutes providing a punishment
for an act previously committed or increasing the punishment making
it more difficult for the accused to defend, but not to retroactive laws,
even though criminal, which mitigate the punishment or merely change
or regulate the procedure without imposing any additional substantial
burden on the accused in making his defense.</q>&mdash;<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American
Government</hi>, Vol. I, p. 700.
</p>
<p>
We should keep in mind that both <q>bills of attainder</q> and <q>ex post
facto</q> laws have only to do with crimes and their punishment. These
laws do not relate to civil matters.</p></note> If a person does an act,
which at the time of the
doing of the act is not a criminal offense, the Congress of
the United States, with all its power, cannot make that act,
innocent when done, a crime. Yet this used to be done in
the old days. You can imagine how in those days a brutal
government being desirous of getting rid of some objectionable
person, but desiring to have its acts appear legal, might
find that he had done some act which was not punishable
under the law; but through a corrupt legislative body, it
might so legislate as to make the act a criminal offense, and
thus have the person tried and convicted.
</p>

<p>
A person might commit an offense for which there was
a moderate punishment; and the legislature might, after
the commission of the crime, but before he was tried, increase
the penalty. For instance, if there were a penalty
of two years imprisonment for stealing a horse, and some
<pb n='152'/><anchor id='Pg152'/>
neighbor was guilty of stealing a horse, thus leaving himself,
when convicted, subject to two years imprisonment, all
the powers of the United States government, all the powers
of Congress, all the wonderful power of the people of the
country could not change the penalty, could not, for instance,
amend the law so as to provide a five year penalty
instead of two, so as to affect this neighbor who had stolen
the horse before this time. He could, if convicted, be sentenced
to two years, but no more.
</p>

<p>
You may think that those who adopted the Constitution
must have been suspicious of Congress, or the people in
thus carefully preventing wrongs against individuals accused
of a crime&mdash;yes, individuals who had actually committed
a crime; but you can readily understand why they
were so careful. The conduct of the governments of the
world had been such before that day that suspicion was justified.
The Constitution was made for the individual&mdash;for
men, women, and children&mdash;to guard their rights against the
abuse of power; and in fact most of the wrongs of the world
have had their origin in the abuse of power. The Constitution
guards the humblest person against abuse of the power
granted to the government, as well as against the wrongs of
our neighbors.
</p>

<p>
The people in this country have great power&mdash;absolute
power. This power may be expressed in laws enacted by Congress
or by the legislatures of the States, except in those
things which the people themselves in the Constitution of
the United States, and in the Constitutions of the different
States, have placed beyond even their own power.
</p>

<p>
Of course these provisions of the Constitution, as all provisions
of the Constitution, may be changed by the people,
but not by a mere majority of the people. These constitutional
provisions relate to sacred rights, and they may not
be changed except upon mature deliberation, and by a vote
<pb n='153'/><anchor id='Pg153'/>
which represents the sentiment of at least a majority of the
people of three-fourths of the States.
</p>

<p>
So I hope you can realize that when the framers of the
Constitution prohibited bills of attainder, and prohibited the
enactment of the ex post facto laws, they were doing something
for the people of this country. They had the rights of
the people in mind&mdash;the rights of the humble and perhaps
unknown, as well as the rights of those in high places. I
do not expect you to study the details of these provisions of
the Constitution relating to bills of attainder and ex post
facto laws. You will probably never have to enforce these
rights which are given to you under the Constitution. I
hope you will not; but the important thing which I always
want you to bear in mind is, that these guaranties of the Constitution
are in existence and that they confer upon you
certain powers which may be asserted to protect your liberty
if occasion should ever arise.
</p>

<p>
I am sure you realize that at the beginning of the life
of the American Nation, extreme care was exercised by those
who framed the Constitution, to guard the people at every
point against injustice and wrong, whether exercised by private
individuals or by public officials.
</p>

<p>
Understanding these things&mdash;feeling these things, will
give you a new sense of power, of pride, and of duty, as citizens
of this great Nation.
</p>

<pb n='154'/><anchor id='Pg154'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. What does attainder mean?
</p>

<p>
2. What was the effect of a bill of attainder on the family of a man
who was convicted?
</p>

<p>
3. Why does the abolition of attainder show the charity of the founders
of the Constitution?
</p>

<p>
4. What is an ex post facto law?
</p>

<p>
5. How would this kind of a law be unjust?
</p>

<p>
6. How could a strong, powerful, and dishonest man work injustice
by means of such a law?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. Show how attainder worked in England in the early days.
</p>

<p>
B. What were the abuses found under such a law?
</p>

<p>
C. Show how its abolition made for democracy.
</p>

<p>
D. Show how the abolition of ex post facto laws made for democracy.
</p>

<p>
E. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>The Injustice of Attainder</p>
<p>The Injustice of an Ex Post Facto Law</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='155'/><anchor id='Pg155'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XXI. Titles, Gifts, Treason</head>
<head type='sub'>Prohibition Of Titles And Foreign Gifts&mdash;Treason,
Its Trial And Punishment</head>

<p>
America is a democracy. It was the plan from the beginning
that it always should be a democracy. The human
race had suffered much from royalty, from kings and emperors,
and queens and princes. Human nature is weak.
We are all more or less attracted by people with titles. Story
books which we read in childhood exalt the <q>lords</q> and
<q>ladies</q> and <q>princes</q>, and I regret to say that the history
of lords and ladies and princes does not always justify
the pictures which our story books would paint for us.
</p>

<p>
The men who framed the Constitution had just finished a
life and death struggle with royalty&mdash;a struggle between the
people and a king, and the people had won. They were determined
that the blighting influence of royal power should
never again find a place on American soil. Therefore they
put into the Constitution:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States:
And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under
them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of
any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever,
from any King, Prince, or foreign State.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution
of the United States, Art. I, Sec. 8.
</p>
<p>
Titles of nobility as recognized in many European countries include
the following: duke, earl, marquis, viscount, and baron. These titles
were in part hereditary and in part acquired. They always conferred
special privileges both in rank and in political preferment. Such titles
cannot exist in a democracy because they in their very nature destroy
equality before the law, and that is the fundamental principle of democratic
government.
</p>
<p>
<q>The provisions prohibiting the granting of titles of nobility are designed,
no doubt, first to preserve equality before the law, and second,
to secure in perpetuity a republican form of government. Such provisions
are not essential to theoretical equality before the law, for such
equality is fundamental in the law of England notwithstanding the existence
of titles of nobility. But the framers of the Constitution evidently
contemplated a form of government in which there should be no
special privileges conferred by rank or title. The additional provision
in the Federal Constitution prohibiting the acceptance by any person
holding any office of profit or trust under the United States of any
present, emolument, office or title from any foreign sovereign or power
without the consent of Congress, was probably intended to prevent the
exercise of foreign influence in governmental affairs. These articles in
the Constitution are substantially borrowed from the Articles of Confederation.</q>&mdash;Emlin
McClain, quoted in the <hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American
Government</hi>, Vol. II, p. 58.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
Never before in the history of the world was such a bold
thing done. These words reflect the spirit of the Revolution.
They mark the turning point in the history of human
governments. They proclaim the final establishment of
the government by the people&mdash;the first real government by
the people that the world ever knew.
</p>

<pb n='156'/><anchor id='Pg156'/>

<p>
I wonder if those who criticise the government of America
who complain that in this country the people have no chance,
ever read these glowing words of our Constitution. It isn't
so much the words, but the spirit in which they were made
a part of our Constitution, the spirit in which the young
Nation proclaimed to the world eternal separation from
kingly power.
</p>

<p>
I find all through the Constitution an expression of grim
determination to fortify the Nation against any influence
which would weaken the supreme power of the people, which
would in any way interfere with the plan to make this a
government by the people.
</p>

<p>
In many provisions of our Constitution we find expressions
which show how humane America is.
</p>

<p>
<emph>We hate treason.</emph> In fact there is no crime so dark, so
awful, as treason. But in the history of the world, treason
has meant many things, and unfortunately treason has
been made not only the instrument of those who sought the
destruction of the governments, but it has sometimes been
made the instrument of tyrants in suppressing the rights,
and in crushing the hopes of the people. It all depends on
what is meant by treason.
</p>

<p>
In the olden days we find men charged with treason when
the offense was in fact very slight&mdash;perhaps a just resistance
to the king, perhaps merely an assertion of natural human
right against the king.
</p>

<p>
The government of the United States being intended to
protect the liberties of the people, the Constitution put a
bar against prosecution for treason, except where the accused
was actually an enemy of his country, endeavoring to
aid in the destruction of his country. We are here told what
treason is:
</p>

<p>
<q rend='pre'><hi rend='italic'>Treason against the United States, shall consist only in
<pb n='157'/><anchor id='Pg157'/>
levying War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies,
giving them Aid and Comfort. No person shall be convicted
of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the
same overt Act, or on Confession in open Court.</hi></q>
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>The Congress shall have power to declare the Punishment
of Treason, but no Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption
of Blood, or Forfeiture except during the Life of the
Person Attainted</hi>.</q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution
of the United States, Art. III, Sec. 3, Cl. 1.
</p>
<p>
Treason is defined in this article of the Constitution and therefore
Congress cannot define it in any other manner. Many people use the
word <q>treason</q> very loosely. They often speak of a person committing
treason when the act committed is not treasonable at all, but is some
less severe crime. Treason consists only in levying war against the
United States or in giving aid or comfort to enemies of the United
States.
</p>
<p>
The meaning of <q>two witnesses to the same overt act</q> is that the
Constitution requires that two persons will appear in court and swear to
the fact that they personally saw the act committed. <q>Overt act</q> means
<q>openly committed act</q>. Chief Justice John Marshall knew that in
the trial of Aaron Burr it would be impossible to get two persons to
swear to having seen Burr commit the conspiracy, so he took advantage
of the technicality in the indictment and threw the case out of court.
This trial was held at Richmond, Virginia.
</p>
<p>
<q>Confession in open court</q> is about the only instance in which such
confession will convict a person charged with committing a crime. As
a rule a person's own confession will not be accepted as evidence against
him, in criminal prosecutions, because few confessions are made without
some threat or inducement and under the guaranty (p. 99) that a
person cannot be compelled to be a witness against himself they are excluded.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
We see all through the Constitution a splendid spirit of
justice, and a spirit of charity, even toward the guilty. By
this article of the Constitution, not only is treason defined,
but any conviction of a person for treason must be upon the
testimony of at least two witnesses to the same act, or upon
a confession in open court.
</p>

<p>
The innocent must not be punished; and the guilty, when
convicted, shall alone bear the punishment. Treason being
such a grave offense, Congress may, if it so desires, provide
very severe penalties, but it cannot attaint the blood, so that
the children or the grandchildren of the guilty person shall
suffer as in the olden days; nor shall the right of forfeiture of
property obtain, except during the life of the person guilty
of treason.
</p>

<p>
No one objects to any penalty, however severe, where treason
is proved, but it is contrary to the spirit of America to
brand the innocent descendants of one who is guilty of a
crime. Of course the children of the guilty will always bear
a certain degree of reproach from their fellowmen, but it is
not fair that they should be visited with penalties for an
offense which they themselves never committed. It is the
spirit of America that each person shall enjoy any position
in life which he may win by merit and honest endeavor, and
no obstacle should be placed in his way by the wrong of an
unfortunate ancestor.
</p>

<pb n='158'/><anchor id='Pg158'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. America is a democracy. Why does this mean so much?
</p>

<p>
2. What does that phrase bring to mind?
</p>

<p>
3. Why did we abolish all titles of nobility?
</p>

<p>
4. What is treason?
</p>

<p>
5. Why is it limited so carefully?
</p>

<pb n='159'/><anchor id='Pg159'/>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. What was the real purpose of abolishing all titles of nobility?
</p>

<p>
B. Why did the founders of the Constitution refuse to permit our representatives
to accept gifts from abroad?
</p>

<p>
C. What acts are treason to-day?
</p>

<p>
D. Show how these provisions make for democracy?
</p>

<p>
E. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>An Illustration of an Act of Treason During the World War</p>
<p>How A Person May Obtain a Responsible Position in Life</p>
<p>Laws Which Retard Advancement in Life</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='160'/><anchor id='Pg160'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XXII. Jury, Except In Impeachment</head>
<head type='sub'>Criminal Trials, Except Impeachment, To Be By Jury&mdash;Equal
Rights&mdash;No Religious Test For Office</head>

<p>
There are still three articles of the Constitution containing
personal guaranties but the substance of these articles has
been considered in connection with other articles already discussed.
They are the following:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>The trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment,
shall be by Jury, and such Trial shall be held in the State
where the said crimes shall have been committed; but when
not committed within any State, the Trial shall be at such
Place or Places as the Congress may by Law have directed.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution of the United States, Art. III, Sec. 2, Cl. 3.
</p>
<p>
Impeachment is the manner of trial fixed by the Constitution for the
trial and removal of Federal officers who are accused of treason, bribery,
and other high crimes and misdemeanors. Congress alone has the power
of conducting an impeachment of Federal officers. The legislature of a
State has the power of impeaching State officers. Impeachment, as the
word is commonly used, includes both accusation and trial. The <q>Impeachment</q>
or accusation is brought by a two-thirds vote of the lower
house, and the trial and conviction or acquittal is carried on by the
upper house. Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, was impeached&mdash;i.e.
he was formally accused, but he was acquitted in his trial
in the Senate. Conviction in an impeachment proceeding causes an
officer to be removed from office and disqualified from ever holding any
office of honor or trust under the government again. A person may
be convicted and not given the full penalty. He may be only removed
from office, but not disqualified from again holding office.
</p>
<p>
It is possible that a crime may be committed on a river that forms
State boundaries. Where a river forms a boundary the middle of the
main channel is made the boundary line. It is often difficult to determine
on which side of the line the crime was committed, and both States
may then claim to have jurisdiction over the case. This must be decided
as any other fact in the case.
</p>
<p>
The manner of the trial in use, before jury trial was established, was
by ordeal or by battle. In trial either by ordeal or by battle the issue
was left to God to decide and He was thought to perform a miracle to
reveal the guilt or innocence of the accused person. One form of ordeal
was to compel the accused to plunge his arm into boiling water and if
innocent the Lord would protect him from being scalded. Another form
of ordeal was to compel the accused to walk barefoot over hot plow shares.
If innocent the Lord would again protect his feet from being burned.
</p>
<p>
The first form of jury to displace the old ordeal or battle as a means
of deciding guilt or innocence was the <q>compurgators</q> or <q>oath bearers</q>.
They comprised a group of men who would appear before the court and
give oath that the accused was not a bad man and had committed no
crime. They did not investigate the accusation, they only testified to the
good character of the accused. If a man accused could not produce
compurgators, he must undergo the ordeal. The duty of these oath
bearers gradually became more extended until they became investigators,
and finally became a grand jury.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges
and Immunities of Citizens in the several States.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution of the United States, Art. IV, Sec. 2, Cl. 1.
</p>
<p>
<q>The right of a citizen of one state to pass through, or to reside in,
any other state, for purposes of trade, agriculture, professional pursuits,
or otherwise; to claim the benefit of habeas corpus; to institute and maintain
actions of any kind in the courts of the state; to take, hold and dispose
of property, either real or personal; and an exemption from higher
taxes or impositions than are paid by the other citizens of the state;
may be mentioned as some of the particular privileges and immunities of
citizens, which are clearly embraced by the description</q>&mdash;Corfield vs.
Coryell, <hi rend='italic'>Washington C. C. Rep. 380</hi>.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>No religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification
to any Office or public Trust under the United States.</hi></q><note place='foot'><p>Constitution of the United States, Art. 6, Cl. 3.
</p>
<p>
While no religious test of any kind may ever be required from any
officer of the United States as a condition of his being elected, or holding
office, public sentiment nevertheless favors Christian character among
the people. If a candidate for office were an atheist and made public
confession as to his lack of belief in God, it would doubtless mitigate
against his election.
</p>
<p>
<q>The general principle of equality of all persons before the law excludes
discriminations made on account of religions belief, with the result
that religious tests should not be made the basis of political rights or
for determining qualifications for office or in general for the possession,
exercise, or protection of civil rights.</q>&mdash;Emlin McClain, quoted in the
<hi rend='italic'>Cyclopedia of American Government</hi>, Vol. III, p. 176.
</p>
<p>
<q>This clause was introduced for the double purpose of satisfying the
scruples of many persons who feel an invincible repugnance to any religious
test or affirmation, and to cut off forever every pretence of any
alliance between church and state in the national government</q>&mdash;Story's
Const. Sc. 1841.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
Here again we see emphasized the right of trial by jury.
I want you to give some thought to this particular right,
because it applies not only to cases where persons are accused
of a crime, but also to nearly all cases involving property
rights.
</p>

<p>
The ordinary lawsuit, where one person is suing another
to recover money, property, or damages, is triable by a jury.
You understand of course the purpose of a trial. As already
explained the main thing in every trial is to determine the
truth as to the points in dispute, and the truth in such cases
under our Constitution is determined, not by judges, but by
jurors, men from the ordinary walks of life, your neighbors,
men accustomed to dealing with ordinary human affairs.
This right is important in aiding a person to have the truth
<pb n='161'/><anchor id='Pg161'/>
properly established; but it is especially important, as I have
heretofore explained, because it emphasizes the fact that this
is a government by the people, and that in grave emergencies
when life, liberty, or property, is in danger, the representatives
of the common people, selected from the ranks of
the common people, shall be the judges.
</p>

<p>
Of course I have fully explained to you, and I do not
wish to have any confusion upon that point, that the judges
themselves are also representatives of the people, because
they are elected by the people, or appointed by those agents
of the people who are elected by the people.
</p>

<p>
I have intentionally repeated, sometimes over and over,
rules and reasons, because we must have them in our minds
so that they will never be forgotten.
</p>

<p>
Now as above explained, the citizens of each State are
guaranteed the right to go to another State, and exercise in
that other State the same rights as the citizens of that State.
This is in the spirit of America which gives us all equal
opportunity. A citizen of Massachusetts going to the State
of Minnesota has the same rights in Minnesota as the citizens
of Minnesota have. Minnesota could not discriminate
against him because he was a citizen of another State. Of
course he could not exercise rights which the citizens of
Minnesota were not entitled to, but all rights of the citizens
of Minnesota are guaranteed to him while he is in that State.
</p>

<p>
Now as to the provision which forever bars any religious
test as the qualification for any office or place of public trust
under the United States. We have already given serious
consideration to the great fundamental human privilege
which the Constitution guards, the right to worship God according
to the dictates of one's conscience. We have already
found that regardless of church or creed each person stands
before the law equal in our country. The older you grow,
the more fully you realize what religion means to a great
<pb n='162'/><anchor id='Pg162'/>
many people in this world, the more fully you will appreciate
the blessing which came to humanity in these provisions of
the Constitution. There are some of us who do not belong
to any church organization, and yet we are intensely interested,
because there was a time when every person was compelled
by law to belong to a church organization, to the state
church, the state religion. I have already explained that we
find solemn statutes enacted by the British Parliament, as an
illustration, which provided for a death penalty for those
who did not believe in the religion of the state.
</p>

<p>
There is no religious test which can be made a qualification
for any office under the United States; nor for any office
for any State in the Union. There should be no individual
discrimination in voting for public officials because of the
religion or church to which a candidate for office may belong.
These are sacred, individual rights. Men must be judged by
their conduct, by their character, by their ability, by their
capacity to serve the people and their country, not by the
religion which one may profess.
</p>

<p>
We must cultivate the spirit of charity toward our neighbors,
charity which means love, which enables us to maintain
a proper spirit of toleration for those who differ from us in
matters of belief.
</p>

<pb n='164'/><anchor id='Pg164'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Does a citizen have the same rights in California that he does in
New York?
</p>

<p>
2. Why is religious belief never made a qualification for office?
</p>

<p>
3. What is impeachment?
</p>

<p>
4. Are judges representatives of the people? Why?
</p>

<p>
5. Can the State of Nebraska enact a law imposing a tax upon merchandise
shipped into Nebraska from any other State?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. What is impeachment?
</p>

<p>
B. Describe the manner of trial before trial by jury. Compare the
justice of the ordeal end wager of battle with the jury system.
</p>

<p>
C. Show how these provisions make for democracy.
</p>

<p>
D. Why is the spirit of charity necessary in a democracy?
</p>

<p>
E. Write a paper on the following:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
<p>The Ordeal</p>
<p>Wager of Battle</p>
<p>How Englishmen Won the Right to Trial by Jury</p>
</quote>

</div>

<pb n='165'/><anchor id='Pg165'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XXIII. Wrongs Under King George</head>
<head type='sub'>The Story Of The Colonists In The Declaration Of
Independence</head>

<p>
When we first read over the numerous guaranties of the
Constitution protecting the American people in their rights,
we sometimes wonder why certain provisions were inserted in
the Constitution. Being born here in America, never having
been compelled to submit to the abuse of arbitrary power, and
always having lived under the Constitution, and always being
guarded by its provisions against the abuse of power, we
can hardly understand why it was necessary to make so many
provisions against things which we can hardly imagine ever
happened in human government.
</p>

<p>
Whenever you have a chance, read somethings of the governments
of the world under kings or other absolute rulers.
In fact, we cannot understand the blessings of our government
until we know something of what our ancestors were
compelled to submit to under the governments of the different
countries of the world a few centuries ago.
</p>

<p>
While we have in mind the guaranties of our Constitution,
it is well for us to have clearly in mind some of the definite
things which the framers of the Constitution had before
them, some of the wrongs which the human race had endured
at the hands of government which the framers of the
Constitution were determined the people of America would
never have to endure. You can hardly imagine what little regard
or consideration was given to human rights in those old
days now almost forgotten. I am not going to undertake to
discuss the problems of government in different countries
the world.<note place='foot'><p>A glance at the motives of Europeans in coming to America will
reveal the fact that thousands of the best people of European countries
left their homes to escape either religious or political persecution at the
hands of the government or the king. Such was true of the Huguenots
of France, the Pilgrims and Puritans of England, and only recently,
the Jews of Russia.
</p>
<p>
The laws of <q>attainder</q> in England in the early times confiscated the
property of persons, however innocent they themselves might be, if they
were near relatives of other persons who had committed grave crimes.
</p>
<p>
Before the passage of the Habeas Corpus Act of 1679 in England, any
person of royalty or high official standing in the government could falsely
accuse another person of crime and cause that innocent person to languish
in prison for years, or even for life, because he could not get
before a court of justice to establish his innocence.
</p>
<p>
In many European countries the peasants were burdened with taxes
to support kings and courts without the slightest representation in the
tax levying authority. In France, just preceding the French Revolution,
the peasants were obliged to purchase a certain number of barrels
of salt each year, without having the slightest use for the salt, because
the crown lands produced salt and the revenues went to the king.
</p>
<p>
In many European countries a state church was established and the
people obliged to support it by taxes levied against their property, regardless
of whether it represented their religious beliefs.</p></note>
The purpose which I have in mind can be fully
<pb n='166'/><anchor id='Pg166'/>
served by a consideration of the government in this country
under the king of Great Britain during the years preceding
the Revolutionary War. You understand, of course, that
even at that time a great advance had been made in recognizing
certain rights of the people. In fact, I think it is
generally recognized that England before the American
Revolution had attained nearer to a fairly just government
than any other country in the world up to that time. There
had been many periods during its history when the people
had asserted themselves and had forced the recognition of
certain rights by the government&mdash;by the king, and yet it
was still a government by a king. It was a government
under a king to which the colonies owed allegiance. It
was government under a king against which the colonies
finally revolted. It was government under a king which
brought. about the Revolution. It was resistance to government
under a king which inspired the heroes who won the
liberty of the new world. It was the brutality of a government
under a king which inspired the framers of the Constitution
so carefully to guard against the abuses which the
world had known before liberty had been established on
American soil. I will not undertake to recite for you the
things which the people were compelled to endure under
this government of a king. I will let the people of the
colonies tell their story. You remember that in 1776, after
the beginning of the Revolutionary War, the people of the
Colonies adopted the Declaration of Independence which recites
in detail the abuses and wrongs they had endured
under a government by a king. It is one of the most
dramatic recitals in history. Let these colonies tell their
own story. I am not going to read the entire Declaration of
Independence; I am simply going to read the recital therein
of the wrongs which came to the people, the men, women,
and children, the human beings, who up to that time were
<pb n='167'/><anchor id='Pg167'/>
compelled to live here in America under the government of
a king.
</p>

<quote rend='display'>

<p>
The history of the present king of Great Britain is a history of
repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the
establishment of an absolute tyranny over these states. To prove
this, let facts be submitted to a candid world.
</p>

<p>
He has refused his assent to laws the most wholesome and necessary
for the public good.
</p>

<p>
He has forbidden his governors to pass laws of immediate and pressing
importance, unless suspended in their operation till his assent
should be obtained, and, when so suspended, he has utterly neglected
to attend to them.
</p>

<p>
He has refused to pass other laws for the accommodation of large
districts of people, unless those people would relinquish the right of
representation in the legislature&mdash;a right inestimable to them, and
formidable to tyrants only.
</p>

<p>
He has called together legislative bodies at places unusual, uncomfortable,
and distant from the repository of their public records for
the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with his measures.
</p>

<p>
He has dissolved representative houses repeatedly for opposing,
with manly firmness, his invasions on the rights of the people.
</p>

<p>
He has refused, for a long time after such dissolutions, to cause
others to be elected; whereby the legislative powers, incapable of
annihilation, have returned to the people at large for their exercise;
the state remaining, in the mean time, exposed to all dangers of invasion
from without, and convulsions within.
</p>

<p>
He has endeavored to prevent the population of these states; for
that purpose obstructing the laws of naturalization of foreigners;
refusing to pass others to encourage their migration hither and raising
the conditions of new appropriations of lands.
</p>

<p>
He has obstructed the administration of justice by refusing his
assent to laws for establishing judiciary powers.
</p>

<p>
He has made judges dependent on his will alone for the tenure
of their offices and the amount and payment of their salaries.
</p>

<p>
He has erected a multitude of new offices, and sent hither swarms
of officers to harass our people and eat out their substance.
</p>

<p>
He has kept among us, in times of peace, standing armies, without
the consent of our legislatures.
</p>

<p>
He has affected to render the military independent of, and superior
to, the civil power.
</p>

<p>
He has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign
to our constitution and unacknowledged by our laws, giving his assent
to their acts of pretended legislation&mdash;
</p>

<p>
For quartering large bodies of armed troops among us;
</p>

<p>
For protecting them, by a mock trial, from punishment for any
murders which they should commit on the inhabitants of these states;
</p>

<p>
For cutting off our trade with all parts of the world;
</p>

<p>
For imposing taxes upon us without our consent;
</p>

<p>
For depriving us, in many cases, of the benefits of trial by jury;
</p>

<pb n='168'/><anchor id='Pg168'/>

<p>
For transporting us beyond seas, to be tried for pretended offenses;
</p>

<p>
For abolishing the free system of English laws in a neighboring
province; establishing therein an arbitrary government, and enlarging
its boundaries, so as to render it at once an example and fit instrument
for introducing the same absolute rule into these colonies;
</p>

<p>
For taking away our charters, abolishing our most valuable laws,
and altering fundamentally the forms of our government;
</p>

<p>
For suspending our own legislatures, and declaring themselves invested
with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever.
</p>

<p>
He has abdicated government here by declaring us out of his protection
and waging war against us.
</p>

<p>
He has plundered our seas, ravaged our coasts, burnt our towns,
and destroyed the lives of our people.
</p>

<p>
He is, at this time, transporting large armies of foreign mercenaries
to complete the works of death, desolation and tyranny, already begun,
with circumstances of cruelty and perfidy scarcely paralleled in the
most barbarous ages, and totally unworthy the head of a civilised
nation.
</p>

<p>
He has constrained our fellow-citizens, taken captive on the high
seas, to bear arms against their country, to become the executioners
of their friends and brethren, or to fall themselves by their hands.
</p>

<p>
He has excited domestic insurrections amongst us, and has endeavored
to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers the merciless
Indian savages, whose known rule of warfare is an undistinguished
destruction of all ages, sexes and conditions.
</p>

<p>
In every stage of these oppressions we have petitioned for redress,
in the most bumble terms; our repeated petitions have been answered
only by repeated injury. A prince whose character is thus marked by
every act which may define a tyrant is unfit to be the ruler of a free
people.
</p>

</quote>

<p>
Now, if there be those who are not satisfied under the
present government of America, let them reflect. Let them
compare their rights to-day with the rights of the people subjected
to the repeated <q>injuries and usurpations</q> so eloquently
recited by those who founded this government, who
adopted our Constitution which will forever bar any power
from exercising <q>a design to reduce them (the people) to
absolute despotism</q>.
</p>

<p>
Read through this catalog of wrongs endured by the
people of the colonies. Then read through the guaranties of
the Constitution. You will find that in large part the guaranties
of the Constitution were inspired by the wrongs recited
by the people when they proclaimed their independence.<note place='foot'><p>A
comparison of the provisions of the Declaration of Independence
with those of the Constitution will show the wrongs of the English king
righted by the Constitution.
</p>
<p>
Declaration of Independence.&mdash;<q>He has refused assent to laws the most
wholesome and necessary for the public good.</q>
</p>
<p>
Constitution of the United States.&mdash;A bill if vetoed by the President
may be repassed by two-thirds of the senate and house of representatives.
</p>
<p>
Declaration of Independence.&mdash;<q>He has forbidden his governors to pass
laws of immediate and pressing importance.</q>
</p>
<p>
Constitution of the United States.&mdash;Congress shall have the power
to lay and collect taxes, duties, etc. (See Const. Art. I, . 8.)
</p>
<p>
Declaration of Independence.&mdash;<q>He has dissolved representative houses
repeatedly, for opposing with manly firmness, his invasions on the rights
of the people.</q>
</p>
<p>
Constitution of the United States.&mdash;Congress shall meet at the seat
of government&mdash;once each year.
</p>
<p>
Declaration of Independence.&mdash;<q>He has refused, for a long time after
dissolution, to cause others to be elected.</q>
</p>
<p>
Constitution of the United States.&mdash;The time, place and manner of
holding elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed
in each State by the legislature thereof.
</p>
<p>
Declaration of Independence.&mdash;<q>He has obstructed the administration
of justice.</q>
</p>
<p>
Constitution of the United States.&mdash;Jurisdiction of Courts fixed by
Constitution. Judges not responsible to the President, but to Congress,
which represents the people.
</p>
<p>
Declaration of Independence.&mdash;<q>He has made judges dependent on his
will alone.</q>
</p>
<p>
Constitution of United States.&mdash;Judges subject to removal only by impeachment
by Congress.
</p>
<p>
Declaration of Independence.&mdash;<q>He has kept standing armies ...
without consent of the legislature.</q>
</p>
<p>
Constitution of the United States.&mdash;<q>Congress shall have power to
raise and support armies.</q> <q>To provide and maintain a navy.</q>
</p>
<p>
Declaration of Independence.&mdash;<q>For transporting us beyond seas to
be tried for pretended offenses.</q>
</p>
<p>
Constitution of the United States.&mdash;<q>Such trial shall be held in the
state where said crime shall have been committed.</q>
</p>
<p>
Declaration of Independence.&mdash;<q>For depriving us, in many cases, of
the right of trial by jury.</q>
</p>
<p>
Constitution of the United States.&mdash;<q>The trial of all crimes, except in
case of impeachment, shall be by jury.</q>
</p>
<p>
Declaration of Independence.&mdash;<q>For quartering large bodies of armed
troops among us.</q>
</p>
<p>
Constitution of the United States.&mdash;<q>No soldier shall in time of peace,
be quartered in any house without the consent of the owner.</q>
</p>
<p>
Declaration of Independence.&mdash;<q>For imposing taxes on us without our
consent.</q>
</p>
<p>
Constitution of the United States.&mdash;<q>Congress shall have power to
levy and collect taxes.</q></p></note>
</p>

<pb n='169'/><anchor id='Pg169'/>

<p>
I said that this recital is dramatic. It is also pathetic.
Listen: <q><hi rend='italic'>In every stage of these oppressions we have petitioned
for redress in the most humble terms; our repeated
petitions have been answered only by repeated injury.</hi></q> Is it
any wonder that the Constitution of the United States should
provide that <q>Congress shall make no law ... abridging
 ... the right ... to petition the Government
for a redress of grievances</q>?
</p>

<p>
Is it any wonder that we find in the Constitution guaranties
of freedom of worship, freedom of speech and of the
press, the right of the people to bear arms, the right of the
people to be secure in their persons, houses, and papers, the
right to a speedy jury trial when accused of crime, and the
right to a trial in the district where the offense was committed
instead of being sent beyond the seas? When we
read of the wrongs endured by the people under the government
by a king we can readily understand why the people
put into their Constitution a guaranty that a person no matter
how poor shall have an attorney to defend him, shall
have his witnesses brought into court at government expense,
that excessive bail shall not be required, and cruel and unusual
punishments shall not be inflicted, that slavery is forever
abolished on American soil, that the property of every
person, rich or poor is sacred, and that even the government
of the United States cannot take it for public use without
just compensation, that every person shall have equal protection
of the law, and if wrongfully imprisoned he can
secure his release by writ of habeas corpus. You can readily
see that all these guaranties of the Constitution and many
others which we have been studying were intended to give
protection to the people from wrongs which the people had
suffered throughout the world under the different forms
of government existing before America was born.
</p>

<p>
From the stirring story related by the people in the Declaration
<pb n='170'/><anchor id='Pg170'/>
of Independence of the injustice which they had to
suffer under a king, you can see how carefully future generations
of people upon American soil were guarded by the
Constitution against the wrongs which our forefathers had
endured.
</p>

<pb n='171'/><anchor id='Pg171'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. When was the Declaration of Independence signed?
</p>

<p>
2. How long did the colonists of America continue under government
by a king?
</p>

<p>
3. How did it happen to be drawn up?
</p>

<p>
4. Compare each sentence of this quotation (pages 167, 168) with the
guaranties that you have discussed in class.
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. Discuss in detail the reasons for the coming of the American colonists.
</p>

<p>
B. Discuss in detail the contrasts noted in Note 2. Review the previous
study with reference to our Declaration of Independence.
</p>

<p>
C. Write a paper comparing the solution found in the Constitution
with the grievances noted in the Declaration.
</p>

<p>
D. Discuss a method by which this might be brought to the attention of
the Socialists, Anarchists, and Bolsheviki who are criticising our
government to-day.
</p>

</div>

<pb n='172'/><anchor id='Pg172'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XXIV. Shall Any Part Be Repealed</head>
<head type='sub'>What Provisions Would You Have Taken Out Of The
Constitution</head>

<p>
We have discussed the main personal guaranties of the
Constitution. There is a large part of the Constitution which
we have not yet considered. Not because I do not regard
it as important&mdash;it is all important&mdash;but because the personal
guaranties are of the highest importance. They constitute a
Bill of Rights, a bill of individual rights, of your rights and
my rights. These rights are clearly defined and carefully
guarded.
</p>

<p>
I heard a man say the other day that the Constitution
ought to be abolished, that it was an obstacle to human
progress.<note place='foot'><p>On December 2, 1917, in New York City, in a meeting of men who
called themselves Bolshevists and I. W. W.'s, the following paragraph
was an introduction to a set of resolutions drawn up: <q>We are the
Bolshevists of America. We denounce governments, institutions and
society; we hail social revolution and the destruction of the existing
order of things.</q>
</p>
<p>
In the preamble to the Constitution of the Independent Workers of
the World (I. W. W.) we find this statement: <q>The working class and
the employing class have nothing in common. Between these two classes
the struggle must go on, until the workmen of the world organize as a
class, take possession of the earth and the machinery of production, and
abolish the wage system. Our motto is&mdash;<emph>The abolition of the wage system.</emph></q>
</p>
<p>
How foolish is the above statement that the working class and the
employing class have nothing in common. The truth of the matter is
that they have everything in common. Every employer&mdash;almost without
exception&mdash;was once a workman. He was a successful workman, therefore
he became more than a workman&mdash;he became an employer. Furthermore, workmen cannot exist without employment. Neither can employers
exist without the workmen. They are not only each concerned
in the welfare of the other; neither can exist without the other.
</p>
<p>
The following is another passage taken from the resolutions drawn
up by the Bolshevists in which they say the general strike is their weapon
of defense: <q>We will strike for a six hour day, then for a four hour
day, then for a two hour day, with increased wages all the time, and
then we will be strong enough to take everything and work no more.</q>
</p>
<p>
We wonder how any sensible man can believe such logic as this. Was
it not Saint Paul who said that if any man would not work neither
should he eat.
</p>
<p>
The Socialist party platform of 1912 declared in favor of the abolition
of the United States Senate, the amendment of the Constitution of
the United States by a majority vote of the people, the election of judges
for short terms of office, the denial of the right of the U. S. Supreme
Court to declare the acts of Congress void.</p></note>
He did not say why. That is the trouble with
a lot of people in this world; they are ever ready to destroy,
but are never ready to aid in building up. Their purpose
is destruction, not construction. You will hear a great deal
of complaint about the Constitution. I have heard complaint
about the Constitution. This is our Constitution. We
are directly interested in defending it against all attacks
if it is a good thing for us. If it is a bad thing we are all
interested in having it repealed. And of course you now
fully understand that the people have the power to repeal
every line of the Constitution if they want to.<note place='foot'>Article
V of the Constitution of the United States provides for
the amendment of that fundamental law of the country. It says amendments
may be proposed by a bill for amendment being introduced into
either house of Congress and passing each house by a two-thirds vote,
or secondly, by the State legislatures of two-thirds of the States demanding
that Congress call a national convention in which amendments
may be proposed. If these proposed amendments are ratified by the
legislatures of three-fourths of the States or by conventions called in
three-fourths of the States, they become an integral part of the Constitution.</note>
</p>

<p>
So this morning I wish to submit to you a fair question.
<emph>What is there in the Constitution that you think should be
taken out of the Constitution? What is there that should be
repealed?</emph> I do not ask you to answer that question now. I
want you to think it over carefully. Go over each and every
word of the Constitution carefully. Talk it over with your
<pb n='173'/><anchor id='Pg173'/>
father and your mother. Talk it over with your friends, the
boys and girls who are studying this subject with you, and
some day present to your teacher or to me a statement of
the part of the Constitution that you think ought to be repealed.
Of course, to come to a just conclusion on this question
you must not only look at the language of the Constitution
but you must take into consideration the purpose of
each provision of the Constitution. That is why we have
been studying the Constitution in detail. That is why we
have considered in a general way something of the problems
of the human race under the past governments of the world.
It is after all a simple question&mdash;what is good for the people,
and what is not good for the people. What is good for <emph>all</emph>
the people&mdash;not for any special class. The Constitution has
been in existence, most of it, for considerably more than a
hundred years. During that more than one hundred years
what a wonderful development there has been in this country,
development not alone in property and in wealth, because
after all that is not the main thing, but development
in human opportunity! What a wonderful expansion there
has been of human rights! What a splendid example we
have had of the maintenance and protection of human liberty!
What wonderful legislation has been enacted by the
people during those years to make life easier for the average
man!<note place='foot'>Some of this good legislation includes: Child Labor Laws; Workmen's
Compensation Laws; Industrial Insurance for Workingmen; Compulsory
Education; Pure Food Laws; Better Sanitary Conditions in
Factories; Safety Appliances; Free Medical Inspection for School Children;
and Care of the Poor.</note>
</p>

<p>
Consider all these things and then say frankly whether
or not any provision of the Constitution should be taken out.
In other words, would the repeal of any single personal guaranty,
which we have been considering in these lessons, help
men, women, and children? Would it make life easier?
Would human liberty be better protected? Would the objects
of government, the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness, be more effective?
</p>

<p>
The Constitution is a sacred document, but there is nothing
<pb n='174'/><anchor id='Pg174'/>
more sacred than the right to life and liberty and happiness.
Therefore do not hesitate to deal fearlessly with the
Constitution, but deal with it reverently. It was intended as
an aid to humanity. If it does not serve that purpose it
should be abolished. If any provision of the Constitution is
not an aid to humanity in America let us repeal that provision.
Be fearless; be also cautious. Be careful in any change
to avoid the ills which we have, that we do not invite other
and more grievous ills that we know not of.
</p>

<p>
The American people owe to themselves, to their children,
and to their country, the solemn duty to give earnest consideration
to our Constitution. They owe the solemn duty,
if the Constitution is serving a great purpose for the people
of America, to defend it against all those who may attack.
They owe the duty to uphold it and to guard it. It is a
sacred trust and this trust cannot be executed except through
intelligence, earnestness, patriotism, and loyalty.
</p>

<p>
Therefore, if there be defects in the Constitution, pick them
out and let us unite in removing them, because the cause of
humanity is greater than the cause of fidelity to any law or
constitution ever enacted by the people.
</p>

<pb n='175'/><anchor id='Pg175'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Why are we interested in the Constitution?
</p>

<p>
2. Why should we defend it from all attacks?
</p>

<p>
3. In what way can we best defend the Constitution?
</p>

<p>
4. Why should we wish to modify it?
</p>

<p>
5. Just how can the Constitution be modified?
</p>

<p>
6. What should be the spirit in which we should enter upon the consideration
of amendments to the Constitution?
</p>

<p>
7. Just what should be the argument for any changes?
</p>

<p>
8. Make a list of some of the modifications you think should be made.
</p>

<p>
9. Arrange a debate on each one of these.
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. What is the fallacy of the I. W. W. constitution?
</p>

<p>
B. How would you meet their argument?
</p>

<p>
C. List the standards which should be used to measure the worth of
any suggestion of amendments to the Constitution.
</p>

<p>
D. Discuss the process by which former amendments have been made.
</p>

<p>
E. Write a paper on any amendments which you think should be
adopted to take anything out of the Constitution.
</p>

</div>

<pb n='176'/><anchor id='Pg176'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XXV. Amending The Constitution</head>
<head type='sub'>The Power Of The People&mdash;What Provisions Should
Be Added To It</head>

<p>
This morning we are going to apply another test to the
Constitution of the United States. I have already asked you
to analyze and study the Constitution carefully, each provision
of the Constitution, to see if there be any portion that
should be taken out. This morning I am going to ask you to
study the Constitution with a view of determining what, if
anything, you wish added to the Constitution. Do not assume
that I em imposing a duty which should only be undertaken
by some learned lawyer or statesman. This Constitution
is a Constitution of the whole people and it must be
upheld and defended, not only by lawyers, judges, and public
officials, but by the people in every walk of life, by the
children as well as by fathers and mothers, by the poor as
well as the rich.<note place='foot'>If you
read carefully the fifth article of the Constitution of
the United States, you will learn that the Constitution may be amended
either by the people's representatives who sit in Congress, and in State
legislatures, or by the legislatures of the States demanding that a National
convention shall be called in which the people may choose the members
Which ever method of amending the Constitution is used, it is the people
who exercise the power of changing the Constitution.</note>
Therefore I come to you who are children
to-day but who in a few short years will be making the laws
of this country through your votes at the ballot box. I ask
you to decide not only what, if anything, should be taken
out of the Constitution, but I ask what, if anything, should
be added to the Constitution; and again I want you to form
your own opinions about this after a careful study, after conference
with your parents and with your friends. It is a
strange thing that we seldom hear any one talking to his
neighbor about the Constitution. People when they get together
talk about all sorts of things, serious and frivolous,
but you seldom hear them discussing the gravest problem in
human life, which is human government. Do not be afraid
to take up the subject with your friends. Do not be afraid
<pb n='177'/><anchor id='Pg177'/>
to discuss with your friends some provision of the Constitution.
You are having a special advantage in being able to
study the Constitution while many of your neighbors never
had such an opportunity.<note place='foot'>Every
teacher in every public school ought to feel in duty bound
to teach the fundamental principles of the Constitution to all the children
in the school. A recitation period ought to be set aside each day
for the study of civics of the community, of the locality, of the State,
and of the United States. Every pupil in every public school ought to
feel proud of the opportunity to learn how his government is made and
how his government works, how he may become a helpful citizen by being
an intelligent voter when he comes to be a man. Adult people ought
to organize civic clubs in the community for the discussion and study of
questions of government and politics.</note>
</p>

<p>
What can we add to the Constitution which will make it
more effective as an instrument in the protection of life, liberty,
and property for us here in America?
</p>

<p>
Remember, we the American people can add anything to
the Constitution that we wish. Nineteen amendments to the
Constitution have already been adopted by the people. Do not
feel discouraged because it takes a little time to secure the
adoption of an amendment. The Constitution should not be
amended hastily, but only after grave thought and earnest
consideration.
</p>

<p>
If we can only think of something to add to the Constitution
which would be a good thing for the whole people of
America, I will guarantee that we will have no difficulty in
having it added to the Constitution. Of course it will take
earnest effort, but shaping the destiny of more than 105,000,000
people is a grave matter. The Constitution is the
protection of the rights of each individual and therefore any
change in the Constitution merits most earnest consideration
upon the part of each one of us.
</p>

<p>
Think it over and advise me some day or inform your
teacher of anything that you can think of which, if added to
the Constitution, would improve this Nation as a country in
which the people rule, anything which would make the rule
of the people more complete. That is the big thing after all&mdash;the
rule of the people, because when the people can rule
themselves, they ought to get out of life everything which
they are entitled to by their individual merits, ability, and
effort. Always keep in mind that there is no way by which a
government of the people and by the people can equalize opportunity
for those who will not seek the advantages which
<pb n='178'/><anchor id='Pg178'/>
are open to them. No Constitution and no law can equalize
industry and idleness. No scheme of government can provide
bread for those who will not toil. It is impossible that human
happiness can be guaranteed to those whose lives are spent in
wickedness and wrongdoing.
</p>

<p>
So, my friends, after due thought and deliberation, prepare
your amendments to the Constitution of your country. Do
not hesitate because you may think that you cannot put them
in proper form. The form is not important; the idea is the
great thing. Perhaps it may be that out of the mind and out
of the heart of some pupil in this school may come some day
a great idea which, incorporated into the Constitution or the
law, may bring added blessings to the American people.<note place='foot'><p>The
following suggestions have been made by good, honest people
who have their country's welfare at heart. Thus far the people as a
whole have not advocated their adoption, but some of them may be made
part of the Constitution in time to come.
</p>
<p>
a. The direct popular election of President and Vice President of the
United States.
</p>
<p>
b. The adoption of the initiative, referendum, and recall in the
National government.
</p>
<p>
c. Federal legislation governing both marriage and divorce throughout
the Nation.
</p>
<p>
d. Federal jurisdiction over all cases affecting foreigners&mdash;for example
in instances like the Italian riot in New Orleans, or in the Japanese
problem on the Pacific coast.</p></note> I
know of no power on earth which can tie the hands of the
American people in any effort toward enlarging the powers of
the people, which will better guard life and liberty. We have
seen how many safeguards were adopted by the framers of the
Constitution to protect each and everyone of us against the
abuse of power by the government maintained by the people.
We have seen how earnestly the framers of the Constitution
guarded each individual against wrongful conduct on the
part of any servant of the people in any official position.
<emph>Perhaps some one in this class may discover an additional
guaranty which would be helpful. If so, duty demands that
the same shall be made part of the fundamental laws of our
country, the Constitution of the United States.</emph>
</p>

<p>
As you read of America, as you think of its Constitution
and laws, don't you feel a sense of power, a sense of pride?
</p>

<p>
If Mr. Allen who owns the big department store on Main
Street were to come here some morning and make each one
of you a gift of an interest in his store, if he should make you
partners with him in his entire business, you would feel
grateful and proud. What an intense interest you would take
in the store and all the details. You would talk about it at
<pb n='179'/><anchor id='Pg179'/>
home and to your neighbors and friends. Each of you would
begin to study the business. You would take pleasure in
reading about merchandise, prices, and business methods.
</p>

<p>
Well, we are all partners in this great Nation. Liberty is
more valuable than merchandise or profits. If someone
stronger than you should undertake to take away your liberty,
you would fight for it and die for it if necessary.
</p>

<p>
Being partners in America, won't you study America?
Won't you talk about the blessings of America at home and
to your neighbors? Won't you study the problems of America
so that each succeeding year it can pay greater profits in
freedom and justice and righteousness?
</p>

<pb n='180'/><anchor id='Pg180'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. What do your parents say about changes in our Constitution?
</p>

<p>
2. How would you advise them to act?
</p>

<p>
3. Can you tell them how changes in our Constitution can be made?
</p>

<p>
4. Why is it necessary that each one of us take a personal interest
in OUR Constitution?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. How would you meet the argument of the radical who wants a
revolution?
</p>

<p>
B. How would you show others that we have a great partnership in
America?
</p>

<p>
C. What two ways are possible for constitutional amendments?
</p>

<p>
D. List a series of additions that you think should be made to the
Constitution.
</p>

<p>
E. Write a paper upon some one amendment to our Constitution that
you believe to be worthy of adoption.
</p>

</div>

<pb n='181'/><anchor id='Pg181'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XXVI. Machinery Of The Government</head>
<head type='sub'>The Agencies, Officers, And Methods For Exercising
Powers Of The National Government</head>

<p>
Now my friends, we have reached the end of discussion of
the personal guaranties of the Constitution&mdash;the American
Bill of Rights.
</p>

<p>
As I have heretofore stated, this is the real, important part
of the Constitution, because it is in a study of these guaranties
that we fully realize the blessings of our free American
government. Any one who has earnestly considered this
great American Bill of Rights can readily answer the question,
<q>What has America done for me and for my children</q>?
</p>

<p>
But I would not have you feel that the other parts of the
Constitution are of small concern. Each provision of this
great charter of human rights is very important, and worthy
of careful study.
</p>

<p>
Article I of the Constitution provides that all legislative
powers granted <q>shall be vested in a Congress of the United
States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives</q>.
Now you will understand of course that up to
the time the Constitution was adopted, the United States had
no power; in fact there was no United States. The colonists
through the Articles of Confederation had attempted to establish
a Nation which was designated <q>The United States of
America</q>, but the result of their efforts was really a confederation,
and not a real union.<note place='foot'><p>The following
is a brief outline of the various attempts at union
among the colonies.
</p>
<p>
(a) 1643-1684&mdash;New England Confederation: Massachusetts Bay;
Plymouth; Connecticut; New Haven.<lb/>
(b) 1684&mdash;Albany Council.<lb/>
(c) 1690&mdash;First Colonial Congress.<lb/>
(d) 1696&mdash;William Penn's Plan.<lb/>
(e) 1701&mdash;Robert Livingston's Plan.<lb/>
(f) 1722&mdash;Plan of Daniel Cox.<lb/>
(g) 1754&mdash;Plan of Rev. Mr. Peters.<lb/>
(h) 1754&mdash;Plan of the Lords of Trade.<lb/>
(i) 1754&mdash;Albany Plan.<lb/>
(j) 1765&mdash;Stamp Act Congress.<lb/>
(k) 1774&mdash;First Continental Congress.<lb/>
(l) 1775&mdash;Second Continental Congress.<lb/>
(m) 1781&mdash;Congress of the Confederation.<lb/>
(n) 1787&mdash;The Federal Convention.<lb/>
(o) 1789&mdash;The New Government.
</p>
<p>
The chief reasons keeping the colonies apart were:
</p>
<p>
1. Natural geographical divisions&mdash;North, Middle, and South.<lb/>
2. The great differences in size&mdash;Virginia many times larger than
Rhode Island.<lb/>
3. The instinct of local self government.<lb/>
4. Character of settlers and the motives in making settlements.<lb/>
5. The slave question, especially after 1750.<lb/>
6. Their different forms of government&mdash;Royal, Proprietary,
Charter.
</p>
<p>
The very first attempt at constitution making in the colonies was the
Mayflower Compact, adopted on board the ship Mayflower before landing
on December 20, 1620. It reads as follows: <q>We, whose names
are underwritten, the loyal subjects of our dred soveraigne King James,
by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland King, defender
of the faith, etc. having undertaken, for the glory of God, and
advancement of Christian faith and honor of our king and country, a
voyage to plant the first colony in northern parts of Virginia, do, by
these presents, solemnly and mutually, in the presence of God, and of
one another, covenant and combine ourselves together into a civil body
politic, for, our better ordering and preservation and furtherance of the
ends aforesaid; and, by virtue hereof, to enact, constitute, and frame,
such just and equal laws, ordinances, acts, constitutions and offices, from
time to time, as shall be thought most meet and convenient for the general
good of the colony. Unto which we promise all due submission and
obedience. In witness whereof we have hereunder subscribed our names,
at Cape Cod, the 11th of November, in the year of the reign of our
sovereign lord, King James, of England, France and Ireland the eighteenth,
and of Scotland the fifty-fourth, Anno Domini.</q>
</p>
<p>
The first real attempt at formal constitution making was the <q>Fundamental
Orders of Connecticut</q>, 1639. These <q>Orders</q> formed an elementary
constitution with three departments of government and the
duties and powers of each department fairly well set forth. The Fundamental
Orders are frequently referred to as the first written constitution
in America.
</p>
<p>
The Articles of Confederation were made by the <emph>thirteen States</emph> in the
name of the <emph>States</emph>. The Constitution was made by the <emph>delegates of
the people</emph> in the name of the <emph>people of the United States</emph>. The first was a
<emph>compact</emph> or friendly agreement; the second was a <emph>contract</emph> or binding
union.</p></note> <emph>The Nation was formed by
the adoption of the Constitution.</emph> The Nation formed was
in the nature of a partnership. I suppose you know but little
about partnerships organized by individuals. A partnership
is generally formed by a written agreement signed by the
<pb n='182'/><anchor id='Pg182'/>
partners. This agreement usually contains provisions as to
the share or interest of each partner, the power of the partners
and of the partnership, and the objects and purposes of
the partnership.
</p>

<p>
The United States is a partnership between the people and
the Nation. The Constitution is a partnership agreement
binding upon all the parties to the agreement. Before the
adoption of the Constitution the people possessed all the
power of government and governmental action. The people
gave some of their power to the Nation, but only a small part
of the power of the people was given. Always bear in mind
that the United States&mdash;the Nation&mdash;has no power, and never
had any except what the people granted in the Constitution
and in the amendments thereto.
</p>

<p>
You will see in Section 8 of Article I the specific powers
granted to Congress by the people. They include the following:
lay and collect taxes; pay debts; provide for defense and
for the general welfare; borrow money; regulate commerce
among the States and with foreign nations; provide for naturalization
and uniform rules of bankruptcy; coin money,
regulate the value thereof, and fix the standard of weights
and measures; punish counterfeiting; establish post offices
and post roads; protect authors and inventors by copyrights
and patents; establish courts; punish piracies and felonies
on the high seas; declare war, raise, and support armies; provide
and maintain a navy; provide for organizing armies, for
disciplining the militia, and for calling them to serge in certain
emergencies; exercise exclusive power of legislation <q>over
such District (not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by
Cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress,
become the Seat of the Government of the United States</q>;
make all laws necessary and proper for carrying into execution
the foregoing powers <q>and all other Powers vested by this
<pb n='183'/><anchor id='Pg183'/>
Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in
any Department or Officer thereof.</q>
</p>

<p>
So you see large powers were granted by the people to the
new Nation.
</p>

<p>
However, the people were very careful. Nearly every
government in the world, before the organization of the
United States, had at times proven false to the people. Many
governments were false to the people all the time. Indignities
and abuses were often heaped upon helpless men, women,
and children. Governments were more often maintained to
serve royalty or aristocracy than to protect the rights and
liberties of the common people. Therefore when it came to
organizing this new Nation, the people were careful to guard
against the abuses of the past. Thus they not only specified
definitely the powers conferred upon the United States, but
(Sections 9 and 10 of Article I) positively stated certain
things which the United States could not do.
</p>

<p>
<emph>The people also were suspicious.</emph> The experience of the
human race with governments justified this suspicion. When
the Constitution was submitted to the people, many protested
that the individual liberties of the people were not sufficiently
guarded; and before the people consented to ratify the Constitution,
it was necessary that they should be given assurance
that upon the ratification of the Constitution, amendments
would be proposed and submitted to the people, expressing
clearly the guaranties given to the people against
improper exercise of power by the National government and
especially protecting the liberty of all the people. These
amendments, which constitute the Great American Bill of
Rights, were proposed by Congress in 1789 and were ratified
by the States in 1791.
</p>

<p>
Now let us get the foregoing brief summary fixed in our
minds.
</p>

<p>
The Constitution is a partnership between the
<pb n='184'/><anchor id='Pg184'/>
people and the Nation in which the people (1) grant to the
Nation certain specific powers; (2) restrain the Nation from
exercising powers not granted; and (3) in many particulars
direct the manner in which the powers granted shall be exercised.
The Constitution also provides for what may be termed
the <q>machinery of government</q>. It separates the powers of
government into three divisions: the legislative, the executive,
and the judicial. It then provides for the officers (the agents
or servants of the people), who shall exercise the powers of
each department, and prescribes certain qualifications for
such officers, the methods of their selection, and the terms
of such officers.
</p>

<p>
In Article I we find certain qualifications for Senators and
Representatives&mdash;the length of their term of service. Senators
are elected for six years, Representatives for two years.
There are also certain provisions as to their election, the organization
of the Senate and House, to some extent the
method of procedure, and direction as to the exercise of certain
powers.
</p>

<p>
Article II of the Constitution fixes certain qualifications
for President of the United States, the executive head of the
Nation; provides the manner of the election of the President
and the Vice President, confers certain powers and duties,
provides that the term of office of President and Vice President
shall be four years, and designates the causes for which
they may be removed by impeachment.
</p>

<p>
Article III of the Constitution provides for courts and
judges, and fixes their jurisdiction&mdash;their power&mdash;and gives
direction as to trial and penalty in certain cases.
</p>

<p>
Thus we find that the Constitution guarantees a National
government (a republican form of government), confers certain
powers formerly held by the people, provides an executive
to enforce the powers granted, a legislative body to make
laws under which the powers may be exercised, and establishes
<pb n='185'/><anchor id='Pg185'/>
courts to construe and apply the laws enacted, to the
end that human rights and liberties shall be protected.
</p>

<p>
Let us carry in our minds this picture of the people of the
colonies, who through generations had struggled with royalty
to secure the blessings and liberties for which they had come
to the New World. In the local government of the colonies
much had been done to apply the principles of liberty, but
in their relation to the mother country they had endured
abuses and sufferings, which finally in 1776 found expression
in the Declaration of Independence.
</p>

<p>
In an effort to unite their strength they had formed a federation
of the thirteen States, but their dreams of a free
country were not realized until in the Constitution they had
formed the <q>more perfect Union</q> which was created to
<q>establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for
the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and
secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity</q>.
</p>

<p>
Now let us bear in mind that the people reserved much of
their power, which under the plan of government adopted
was to be used in their respective States under Constitutions
and laws expressing the will of the people with relation to
their domestic affairs. At our next meeting, we shall consider
briefly something of the Constitutions of the States, where
they come from, and the wonderful purpose they serve in carrying
out the scheme of the people in actual self government.
</p>

<pb n='186'/><anchor id='Pg186'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Why are the individual guaranties of the Constitution so important?
</p>

<p>
2. What is meant by legislative power?
</p>

<p>
3. In whom is the legislative power of the United States vested?
</p>

<p>
4. When and how was the Nation formed?
</p>

<p>
5. What is a partnership? How is it usually formed?
</p>

<p>
6. From whom did the United States obtain its power?
</p>

<pb n='187'/><anchor id='Pg187'/>

<p>
7. State the terms of service of: (a) the President, (b) Senators,
(c) Representatives, (d) the Vice President?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. Tell some of the powers conferred by the people upon the United
States.
</p>

<p>
B. Into what departments does the Constitution separate the powers
of government?
</p>

<p>
C. At the time of the adoption of the Constitution, why were the people
suspicious?
</p>

<p>
D. Name some officers now in service of the National government: (a)
in the executive department, (b) in the legislative department, (c)
in the judicial department.
</p>

<p>
E. Write a statement of the attitude of the people of the States when
the Constitution was submitted to them for ratification, what was
the subject of public discussion, what parties were formed, and what
was done to secure the consent of the people to ratify the Constitution?
</p>

<p>
F. Write in 100 words or less a summary of what the United States
Constitution is.
</p>

</div>

<pb n='188'/><anchor id='Pg188'/>


<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XXVII. State Constitutions</head>
<head type='sub'>The Grant And Limitations Of Power Expressed By
The People In The Constitutions Of The States</head>

<p>
Every human organization had a beginning. This is a
large city in which we now live, but there was a time within
the memory of men still living, when there was nothing here
but an unbroken prairie. A log cabin was the first building
where the city now stands. Then came the cultivated fields.
A flour mill was erected down on the river bank, then a blacksmith
shop, a store, a livery stable, some modest dwellings,
then a school house, and a church. Thus came the little
village which through the years has slowly grown into the
present city.
</p>

<p>
Thus came all the cities, and thus came the States. There
was a time not so long ago when there were no white people
within what is now the borders of our State. There was the
<q>first white settler</q>, the first cultivated patch of ground, the
first log house, the little settlements, the lonely log cabins in
between, and then the State.
</p>

<p>
Thus were the thirteen colonies founded, and thus were
founded the thirty-five States which have been admitted to
the Union since the adoption of the Constitution.
</p>

<p>
Every human organization with any degree of permanence
has something in the nature of a constitution. It may be in
writing, it may be oral, or it may rest in a mutual understanding
expressed only by acts and conduct. It may be
manifest from customs which have been observed by all the
members of the group.
</p>

<p>
The proud boast of America is that it was the first Nation
in the world which adopted a complete written Constitution
<pb n='189'/><anchor id='Pg189'/>
binding upon the Nation and upon the people, a Constitution
which provides for courts with the power of restraining the
Nation and the individual from acts or conduct which violate
its provisions, designed to guard human rights.
</p>

<p>
Until the Declaration of Independence in 1776, the colonies
in their joint efforts for liberty and justice, were called
the <q>United Colonies</q>; but after independence was proclaimed,
this title gave place to that of <q>The United States</q>.
Thereupon eleven of the thirteen States adopted Constitutions.
In two States&mdash;Connecticut and Rhode Island by an
act of the legislature, the existing charters were continued in
force so far as consistent with independence. These Constitutions
all came into being before the adoption of the Constitution
of the United States. Of course they were far from
perfect, and all have been amended from time to time, so that
now the Constitution of each State provides a truly American
system of government.<note place='foot'>Great modifications
have been made in nearly all of the State Constitutions,
an excellent analysis of which may be found in Bryce's
<hi rend='italic'>American Commonwealth</hi> (Third Edition), Vol. I, p. 443.</note>
</p>

<p>
Nothing in the Constitution of the United States requires
that each State shall have a written Constitution, but the
wonderful achievement of the people in creating the Constitution
of the United States has been a guide and inspiration
to the people of the States, and each State has adopted
a written State Constitution, following the method and spirit
of the colonists in the long ago, drafting the Constitution
in a convention of delegates and ratifying it by another
special convention or by the vote of all the people.
</p>

<p>
Then as each new State was admitted to the Union, a Constitution
was adopted.<note place='foot'>Since the alliance of the original thirteen States, thirty-five have
been admitted into the Union by acts of Congress either directing the
people to select delegates and enact a Constitution or accepting a Constitution
already made by the people. An illustration of the former
method of procedure is offered in 25 U. S. St. at L. 676 c 180, providing
for the admission of North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, and Washington
into the Union, and of the latter in 26 U. S. St. at L. 215 c 656;
222 c 664, providing for the admission of Idaho and Wyoming. <q>Of
these instruments (State Constitutions), therefore, no less than of the
Constitutions of the thirteen original States, we may say that although
subsequent in date to the Federal Constitution, they are, so far as each
state is concerned de jure prior to it. Their authority over their own
citizens is nowise derived from it.</q>&mdash;Bryce's <hi rend='italic'>American Commonwealth</hi>
(Third Edition), Vol. I, p. 431.</note> By the Constitution of the United
States, Congress has the power to admit new States, thus by
implication controlling the subject matter of the original
Constitution of each State admitted.
</p>

<p>
It is not my intention to consider in detail the Constitutions
of the various States. This is not essential to the purpose
which I have in talking to you. I am very anxious that
<pb n='190'/><anchor id='Pg190'/>
you shall realize that each State is a separate sovereignty; that
when the people created the United States, and adopted the
Constitution of the United States, they give to the United
States limited power; that the plan of government contemplated
that each State should have its own Constitution; and
that in each State the people should enact their own laws
governing the conduct of the people in their respective States.
</p>

<p>
An examination of the Constitutions of all the States will
show how carefully the people of each State incorporated in
their State Constitution the great principles of government,
and the guaranties of liberty which were so carefully provided
in the Constitution of the United States.
</p>

<p>
Different language is used in the different State Constitutions,
but in each it will be found that the government of
the State, as of the United States, is divided into three departments&mdash;the
executive, the legislative, and the judicial;
that the executive power in the States is vested in a Governor;
that the legislative power rests in what is usually
termed a <q>General Assembly</q> consisting of a Senate and a
House of Representatives, modeled after the Congress of the
United States; that the judicial power is to be exercised by
courts&mdash;a Supreme Court and other courts designated as District
Courts, Circuit Courts, and many other titles, varying in
different States.
</p>

<p>
Public officers, servants of the people, are provided for,
and usually their selection is by vote of the people at general
elections for which provision is made.
</p>

<p>
The really important thing in the State Constitutions, as
well as in the Constitution of the United States, is the Bill
of Rights specifically guarding the natural rights and liberties
of the people.
</p>

<p>
The guaranties in the State Constitutions are not all uniform,
but as a general thing you will find that each State
has incorporated in its Constitution those sacred guaranties
<pb n='191'/><anchor id='Pg191'/>
which in the Constitution of the United States form the real
foundation and protection of human liberty.
</p>

<p>
Always bear in mind that the Constitution in each State,
as in the Nation, is an instrument of fundamental law, or
body of laws, which prescribes the form of government, fixes
the different departments of government, provides the
agencies of government, and declares and guarantees the
rights and liberties of the people.<note place='foot'><q>A constitution
is an instrument of government, made and adopted
by the people for practical purposes, connected with the common business
and wants of human life. For this reason pre-eminently every word in it
should be expounded in its plain, obvious and common sense.</q>&mdash;Per
Allen J., in Peo v. New York, Cent. R. Co., 24 N. Y. 485, 486.</note>
</p>

<p>
The Constitution of the United States is the Supreme law
of the land, and the Constitution of each State is the supreme
law of the State. These Constitutions must be respected, and
must be obeyed; and any law enacted by the legislature of a
State or by the Congress of the United States which is contrary
to the provisions of the Constitution is null and void.
</p>

<p>
By their Constitution the people of a State proclaim and
establish their power superior to the power of the legislature
of the State or any officer of the State. The power expressed
in the Constitution is the power of the people. They have,
by their solemn document&mdash;the Constitution&mdash;established
certain rules, regulations, principles, and guaranties, which
cannot be changed by ordinary legislation.<note place='foot'>Legislatures
cannot change Constitutions. <q>I consider the people
of this country as the only sovereign power. I consider the legislature
as not sovereign, but subordinate; they are subordinate to the great
constitutional charter, which the people have established as a fundamental
law and which alone has given existence and authority to the
legislature.</q>&mdash;Per Roane, J. in Kanper v. Hawkins, 1 <hi rend='italic'>Va. Cas.</hi> 20, 86.</note> Of course the
people can change and modify the Constitution of State or
Nation. Every Constitution provides some method of amendment.
Some States provide for a constitutional convention
from time to time, where the people through their representatives
selected for such a purpose assemble to consider the
question of change or modification. In other States the legislature
may propose amendments which must be submitted
to the people for their approval. In all States some procedure
is provided which requires careful deliberation and consideration
by the people before the Constitution is changed.<note place='foot'><q>Some
of the state constitutions provide for periodically submitting
to the voters the question whether a convention shall be called to revise
and amend the constitution. Regardless of whether or not provision is
made for periodical resubmission of the question of calling a convention,
the constitutions usually provide that the legislature may, of its own
volition, submit to a vote of the people the question whether a convention
shall be called, and subject to any existing constitutional limitations,
may prescribe the time and manner of electing delegates to such convention.</q></note>
</p>

<p>
Now it is very important that every citizen shall have a
knowledge of the Constitution of his State. It is of the highest
importance that every man, woman, and child shall know
<pb n='192'/><anchor id='Pg192'/>
and feel the solicitude, the care, which has been exercised in
the framing of the Constitution to guard individual rights.
</p>

<p>
As I have heretofore explained, the purpose of government
is to guard human rights and human liberty. This is true of
the government of the United States, and it is true of the
government of each State. Always keep in mind that in this
country, what we call <q>the government</q> is merely an agency
of the people&mdash;an expression of the power of the people in a
defined way, agreed upon by them, through which they protect
themselves against wrong by the agencies of government
which they have created, and against wrong by their neighbors.
</p>

<p>
Inspiring indeed is it to contemplate the spirit in which
the founders of the American Nation and of the States of
America studied the methods by which human rights should
be protected. They were unselfish; they were in the highest
degree inspired by a holy purpose to guard the people of
America against the wrongs, the abuses, the cruelty which
their ancestors in the past had suffered; and to accomplish
their purpose they exercised the greatest care to maintain the
power of government in the people themselves&mdash;the power to
make laws and to enforce them.
</p>

<p>
I suppose it may be said that the highest achievement of
the American people in creating a National government and
the governments of the States is expressed in the words of
Lincoln when he proclaimed this to be <q>a government by the
people</q>.
</p>

<pb n='193'/><anchor id='Pg193'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. What is a village?
</p>

<p>
2. What is a State?
</p>

<p>
3. When were the colonies first called States?
</p>

<p>
4. What States adopted Constitutions before the adoption and ratification
of the Constitution of the United States?
</p>

<p>
5. Can the people of the State of New York enact a law punishing
a person for coining silver dollars? Why?
</p>

<p>
6. Can Congress pass a law Sting the punishment of a person for
stealing a horse in the State of Michigan?
</p>

<p>
7. When was the State in which we live admitted to the Union?
</p>

<p>
8. Who framed the Constitution of this State?
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. What is a constitution?
</p>

<p>
B. Explain fully how a Constitution of a State comes into, being.
</p>

<p>
C. Must a constitution be in writing? If not, what may be its form?
</p>

<p>
D. State how the Constitution of the United States may be amended.
</p>

<p>
E. In what way may the Constitution of a State be amended?
</p>

<p>
F. Write briefly telling the advantages of a written constitution.
</p>

<p>
G. State in writing the power of the courts in exercising their power
and duty of defending the Constitution. Give an illustration.
</p>

<p>
H. Write an explanation of the power and influence of the Constitution
of the United States in guiding the people in framing the Constitutions
of their States, and in what things the Constitution of the
States follow the Constitution of the United States.
</p>

</div>

<pb n='194'/><anchor id='Pg194'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>XXVIII. The Suffrage</head>
<head type='sub'>The Significance Of The Nineteenth Amendment To
The Constitution</head>

<p>
This meeting was at night. Some of the parents who had
attended the talks from time to time had requested that the
last meeting be held at night so that some of the busy fathers
and mothers might come. The assembly room was crowded,
and although extra chairs had been placed in the aisles, there
were a number of people standing. The principal said that
it was the largest crowd that he had ever seen in the room.<note place='foot'>Teachers
and school officers can perform no higher duty, can render
no greater service to America, than to encourage the use of school
buildings for public gatherings. They should be real community centers.
In the city of Minneapolis, the Superintendent of Schools has recently
reported that for the year ending July 1st, 1920, there were 5070 meetings
held in the public school buildings, with a total attendance of 325,734
persons. There were 1434 cultural meetings, 751 civic sessions, 2501
recreative gatherings, and 334 social festivals. Rural consolidated school
buildings ought always be planned for civic centers as well as school-houses.
They ought to provide a large assembly hall where community
gatherings may be held. They ought to provide a large and well equipped
gymnasium where both children and adults may enjoy athletic contests
and indoor games. These buildings ought to be open to the people
every evening during the week if the attendance warrants.</note>
</p>

<p>
First everybody arose and sang <q>The Star Spangled Banner</q>,
and when the meeting closed, the audience joined in
singing <q>America</q>.<note place='foot'><p>One mark
of good citizenship is the respect shown to emblems of
authority. All good citizens rise to their feet and remain standing during
the playing or singing of the National anthem. We ought to cultivate
such habits until they become reflex: i. e. until we do them as a matter
of course without being told by the teacher in school or by the leader of
the choir or some other person.
</p>
<p>
Every school boy and girl ought to commit to memory the words of
the Star Spangled Banner and of America. The teacher can make the
singing of patriotic songs and the learning of patriotic poems and
speeches a part of the opening exercises of the school. Poems and
speeches learned in childhood will generally remain with us throughout life.</p></note>
The judge was greeted with loud applause.
He said:
</p>

<p>
I am happy to-night. This meeting is an inspiration. It
is a real community meeting, a real American meeting. If
meetings like this were held once each week or once every
two weeks in every school building in the United States I
should not fear socialism or bolshevism or anarchy. Such
ideas cannot live in a community where the people really
know each other. There are no class lines here to-night.
You are too close together. I see a banker over there whom
I have known for thirty years. He was brought up in this
city, attended this school, and has spent his whole life here.
His success in life came to him among old friends in the
community where he was born. Near him I see a bricklayer.
I have known him and respected him since boyhood. We
played on the same baseball team when we were both younger
and could run faster than we can now. He went to the
Washington school. The children of these men are in this
<pb n='195'/><anchor id='Pg195'/>
school now. In a few years they will be grown men and
women doing the work that we shall have to give up soon.<note place='foot'>Radicalism
of thought and action can generally be traced to the
segregation of the people into small groups where the individual is alone
in his thinking. Association and cooperation tend to break up individualism.
Where men and women come together in thought and consideration,
there is always developed a tendency toward moderation. Our present
day complex society demands that every individual yield something for
the good of the whole community. The yielding process is a moderating
process. Anarchy stands for the division of society into individuals where
each individual becomes selfish and dominating over others around him.
Loyalty to the Nation and the State requires that the individual shall
coperate with his neighbor and that he shall work in harmony with other
people in the community. If people would more often assemble and discuss
the needs of the entire community and how each may help to make
the entire community better, we would have less of class distinction and
more of social harmony and of economic prosperity.</note>
</p>

<p>
So with most of the people in this room to-night. They
were born here, went to school here, and they have worked
here all their lives. Some followed one occupation, some
another. This was a matter of their own choice. Their children
are now growing up, as they once grew up. Soon they
will be selecting their life work. Soon they will be voting
and performing other duties of citizenship. Soon you and I,
fathers and mothers, will pass off the stage of life. Soon we
shall be forgotten by all except the few who compose the
family circle, who love us notwithstanding our faults.
</p>

<p>
For a few weeks I have been acting as teacher. I have
been trying hard to bring into the minds and hearts of the
pupils in this school something of the sacredness of human
liberty, something of the cost of American liberty, the sacrifices,
the struggles, the bloodshed, the heartaches, and heartbreaks
which finally triumphed when our Constitution was
adopted. I have endeavored to explain that the Constitution
is not a mere skeleton or framework, defining the relation of
the Nation and the States and providing for the election of
officers to carry out the plans of the National government. I
have repeatedly told the great truth that in America there is
more freedom, justice, charity, and kindness than in any
other Nation in the world. I have pointed out that in America
we have in our Constitution written guaranties of life,
liberty, and property rights such as no other Nation in the
history of the world ever had. We have found that this is a
government by the people, that the people rule, that the few
cannot rule unless the many refuse to perform their duties as
citizens of this great republic. Oh! if we can only put in
the hearts of the American people a realization of the <emph>power</emph>
and the <emph>duty</emph> of the people!
</p>

<p>
To-night I wish to present briefly something of the manner
<pb n='196'/><anchor id='Pg196'/>
in which the people express their power, the method by which
the people disclose their wishes in public affairs. The Star
Baseball Club, the Irving Literary Society, the City Teachers
Association, the Woman's Club, the Charity Guild, these are
all mere organisations of people. <emph>That is all that America is.</emph>
These organizations have written constitutions. <emph>So has America.</emph>
These organizations must have laws or rules of conduct,
aside from their constitutions. <emph>So must America.</emph> These societies
must have a policy and transact business. <emph>So must
America.</emph> In adopting laws or rules of conduct these societies
secure an expression of the wishes of their members. These
wishes are generally expressed by their votes, sometimes by
ballot and sometimes orally in a meeting.
</p>

<p>
America secures an expression of the wishes of the people
by their votes. The votes of the people either in writing or
printed are cast on election days fixed by laws enacted
through the vote of the people. In no other way can the
wishes of the people be made known. It, is through the
ballot that the people exercise their powers. It is through the
ballot that America is governed.<note place='foot'>Republican
government is government by the people through their
chosen representatives. Republican government can only be good government
and effective government, when every qualified voter will assume
his full duty in helping carry on the government. This duty is exercised
through the casting of an intelligent ballot on election day. In the
presidential election of 1908 the percentage of qualified voters actually
voting ranged from 15.8 per cent to 88.1 per cent, the average for all
States being 60.5 per cent.</note>
</p>

<p>
I wonder if the people of America generally realize what
a wonderful thing it is that a government as large as ours
must depend entirely upon the wishes of the people expressed
by their vote on election day. I wonder if they realize that
in this way the people rule. On election day we see something
of the equality of the people. If you go near the
polling place, you will see the president of the bank, perhaps,
or the president of the railroad walking side by side with
the hodcarrier or the brakeman on the train. In the voting
booth each has the same power in helping to shape the destiny
of their country.
</p>

<p>
In a way this is a new method of government. Only in a
country where there is a government by the people do we
find such a thing as the right of all men regardless of property,
<pb n='197'/><anchor id='Pg197'/>
race, or creed to exercise the same power in the ballot
box.<note place='foot'><p>In colonial times in America there was nothing like universal manhood
suffrage. One-half of all the colonies required church membership
for a suffrage right. By about 1700 all colonies required ownership of
property for voting. This was not entirely abolished until about 1850.
The State of Rhode Island still requires property to the extent of $134
for voting in municipal elections.
</p>
<p>
The colony of Virginia required the holding of a freehold of fifty
acres of land without a house, or twenty-five seres of land with a house
at least twelve feet square. Pennsylvania required a freehold of fifty
acres with twelve acres improved.
</p>
<p>
In most colonies a greater property qualification was required for voting
for members of the upper house of the legislature than for members
of the lower house.
</p>
<p>
Several colonies and early States limited office holding to Protestants.
</p>
<p>
The Constitution of the United States now declares that no State
shall deny to any person the right to vote because of <emph>race</emph>, <emph>color</emph>, or
<emph>previous condition of servitude</emph>, or <emph>because of sex</emph>. The Nineteenth
Amendment enables women to vote on an equality with men.
</p>
<p>
A State may add further qualifications for voting, but no State may
deny the right to vote for any of the above reasons. Several States
have added literacy tests for voting, and others have denied the right
to vote to such as are insane or who have been convicted of crime, unless
pardoned by the Governor. A few States deny suffrage to those whose
taxes are delinquent.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
From the beginning America has led in granting the right
of suffrage, the right to vote. In the early days in some of
the States a man had to own a certain amount of property before
he could vote, but this has not been true for more than
fifty years. <emph>Now a new day has come.</emph> After a struggle for
generations, the right to vote has been conferred upon all
female citizens, regardless of property, social position, religion,
or race. It has been a long struggle and now that victory
has been won for equal suffrage, is there anyone who will
still contend that in this country the people do not rule?
</p>

<p>
Who has conferred this great privilege upon the women of
America? The voters of America decided that every State
should grant this privilege.
</p>

<p>
The amendment to the Constitution is as follows:
</p>

<p>
<q><hi rend='italic'>The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not
be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on
account of sex.</hi></q>
</p>

<p>
The people did not vote directly upon this constitutional
amendment, but they voted for the members of the House
and the members of the Senate who voted for the amendment
and they voted for the members of the legislatures of the different
States which ratified the amendment. Thus the responsibility
rests with the people. This is true of course as
to nearly all the laws enacted by State and Nation&mdash;the people
do not vote directly upon them, but they select their
agents, who, under the law, are authorized to act for them.
</p>

<p>
Under this amendment we have the written guaranty in
the Constitution that so far as men and women are concerned
they shall have equal rights to vote.<note place='foot'>The
following countries of the world have equal suffrage: New
Zealand, 1893; South Australia, 1895; West Australia, 1900; The
Australian Federation, 1902; New South Wales, 1902; Tasmania, 1904;
Queensland, 1905; Finland, 1906; Victoria, 1908; Alaska, 1913; Norway,
1913; Manitoba, 1916; Alberta, 1916; Iceland, 1913; Denmark, 1915;
England, Scotland, Ireland, 1917; Sweden, 1918; Holland, 1919; Luxemburg,
1919; Germany, 1919; Austria, 1919. In no other country in
the world is the right of suffrage more fully granted than in the United
States since the adoption of the Nineteenth Amendment.</note>
</p>

<p>
Perhaps you were not in favor of woman suffrage. Many
good men and women were opposed to it. Many are still
opposed to it. This is a good illustration of the way we do
<pb n='198'/><anchor id='Pg198'/>
things in a democracy. We have different temperaments,
different dispositions. We are reared in different surroundings.
We have different interests. We look at life in different
ways. Each of us has a right to his opinion and each of
us has the right to express it by our vote. When we finally
vote, a decision is made. If we belong to the majority, we
find that our wish is carried out. If we are in the minority,
we cheerfully follow what the majority of the people, what
most of the people in America desire.
</p>

<p>
The thing that I wish to impress to-night is that to vote
on election day is not only a right, it is a duty. Whether we
were for woman suffrage or not it has come. It is settled. It
brings into power twenty-seven million new voters. Each of
these women, whether she desires it or not, must assume this
new share of the responsibilities of government. It is a patriotic
duty. At every election we must cast our votes. Before
every election we must study the issues, the problems to
be met. Unless we do that we are failing in patriotism and
loyalty. Unless we vote we are not good citizens.
</p>

<p>
Now I must close. I hope that the talks I have given in
this school have planted in the hearts of boys and girls, and
possibly in the hearts of grown men and women, something
of the simple truth of American life, something perhaps of
the privileges of American citizenship and something of the
duties that we all owe in return.
</p>

<p>
I have promised the principal of this school that next term
I will again appear and present some new topics. I wish to
talk to the boys and girls about authority and obedience, the
source of authority and the duty of obedience. I wish also
to talk about the making of laws, the origin of laws, how
they are put in form and finally enacted by the people. I
wish to talk about our public servants, because one of the important
things for each citizen to know is that from the President
of the United States down to the constable of the humblest
<pb n='199'/><anchor id='Pg199'/>
village, all officers are mere servants of the people and
that no officer in America is in his official capacity master
of any man, woman, or child. I wish to impress as far as I
am able the great truth expressed by Chief Justice Marshall
when he said long years ago, <q>This is a government of laws
and not of men.</q>
</p>

<pb n='200'/><anchor id='Pg200'/>

<p>
ELEMENTARY QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
1. Show the ways in which the United States is just like a small club?
</p>

<p>
2. Why must we always vote?
</p>

<p>
3. Why is it right that women should vote?
</p>

<p>
4. Show that this is more than a privilege: it is a duty.
</p>

<p>
5. Imagine some person saying that America is only for the rich. Review
all the work that we have done, and show how it is just as fair
to the poor man as to the rich.
</p>

<p>
ADVANCED QUESTIONS
</p>

<p>
A. Re-read the questions to chapters one and two. Note the difference
in your answers.
</p>

<p>
B. Map out a program so that you can show to all critics of America the
<pb n='201'/><anchor id='Pg201'/>
ways in which the Constitution of the United States gives to all
Americans the rights to LIFE, LIBERTY, and the PURSUIT OF
HAPPINESS.
</p>

<p>
C. You can now answer fully the question, <q>Why is America the most
free and most just Nation on the globe?</q>
</p>

<p>
D. What did Chief Justice Marshall mean when he said, <q>This is a
government of laws, and not of men.</q>
</p>

<p>
E. Prepare in writing a constitution for the <q>Lincoln Debating Club</q>.
</p>

</div>

<pb n='202'/><anchor id='Pg202'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>A Word To The The Teachers And Others</head>

<p>
<q>The very essence of civil liberty certainly consists in the
right of every individual to claim the protection of the laws
whenever he receives an injury. One of the first duties of
government is to afford that protection. The Government
of the United States has been emphatically termed, a government
of laws, and not of men. It will certainly cease to
deserve this high appellation, if the laws furnish no remedy
for the violation of a vested legal right.</q>
</p>

<p>
These words of Chief Justice Marshall in Marbury v. Madison,
1 Cranch, 137, are the most significant and far reaching
in their effect upon human government that were ever
uttered by the lips of man.
</p>

<p>
<q>A government of laws and not of men.</q> This expresses
the fundamental difference between the government of this
great American republic and all other systems of government
devised by man before the Constitution of the United
States came into being.<note place='foot'><q>Any
government is free to the people under it (whatever be the
frame) where the laws rule and the people are a party to those laws.</q>&mdash;William
Penn.</note>
</p>

<p>
Government has been the great problem of the human
race throughout all the ages since mankind first started out
upon the great highway of life. The greatest problem men
have ever been called upon to solve is <q>how they might live
together in communities without cutting each others
throats</q>.
</p>

<p>
As we look back at the warring world of yesterday, yea as
we look at the warring world to-day (1920), we are reminded
that the history of the human family tells a long, sad story
of war and bloodshed and death. The path which humanity
has traveled stretches back into the dim distance, a long
<pb n='203'/><anchor id='Pg203'/>
gleaming line of white human bones. The flowers, the trees,
and the shrubs along the way have been nurtured by the red
blood that flowed from human hearts. All over the world the
battle has waged; away down in Egypt where the Nile scatters
her riches; upon the banks of the Tiber which for centuries
has reflected the majesty of Rome; upon the heights above the
castle crowned Rhine; on the banks of the peaceful Thames;
and upon the prairies that sweep back from the Father of
Waters, men have fought and died. In the field and in the
forest, by the sweet running brook, and upon the burning
sands, in the mountain pass, and in the stony streets of the
populous city, within the chancel rail of holy churches, and
at the dark entrance to the Bastile&mdash;in all these places, and in
a thousand more, the hand of the oppressed has been lifted
against the oppressor, the right to be free that God gave to
men has struggled with the power which might has given,
and, alas! so often might has triumphed, and the slave, sick
at heart, has been scourged to his dungeon. On a thousand
hillsides burning fagots have consumed men who dared to
dream of freedom, and in dark and slimy prison cells where
God's sunlight seldom entered, men have rotten with clanking
chains upon their limbs because they dared to ask for
the rights of freemen.
</p>

<p>
In the olden days force ruled the world; the king, the
crown, the scepter, were the insignia of power. All about
were the instruments of force, the cannon, the moated castle,
the marching armies of the king.
</p>

<p>
And so it was until the American Nation was born, a Nation
founded by exiles who were fleeing from oppression,
from unrestrained power, exiles who dreamed of establishing
a Nation, exiles with stout hearts and with strong hands
with which to build it&mdash;a Nation where there would be no
master and no slaves, where the citizen would rule and not
the soldier, where the home and the school and not the castle
<pb n='204'/><anchor id='Pg204'/>
would stand as the citadel of the Nation, where the steel
would at last be molded into plowshares, and not into swords,
where, instead of martial music, the song of the plowboy and
the hum of the spinning wheel would greet the ear, where
lust for power would be dethroned and brute force strangled,
where love would rule and not brutality, where justice and
not vengeance would be the end of judicial investigation,
where the rights of men to live and to enjoy the fruits of
their labor would be recognized. This was the dream of the
fathers of the republic as they laid the foundation in the
long ago.
</p>

<p>
But this dream never would have been realized had it not
been for the recognition of that great constitutional principle,
announced by Chief Justice Marshall, that in this Nation the
law is supreme; not supreme alone with the citizen, but supreme
with the Nation and the States that compose the Nation;
not supreme with the humble toiler, but supreme with
the richest and the strongest; not supreme in theory, but
supreme in truth and in fact.
</p>

<p>
This great principle of the supremacy of the law finds its
origin in that immortal document, the Constitution of the
United States.<note place='foot'><q>It is, Sir, the people's Constitution, the people's government, made
for the people, made by the people and answerable to the people.</q>&mdash;Daniel
Webster.</note>
</p>

<p>
Few there are in these modern days who fully appreciate
the wonderful blessings of a written Constitution which gives
recognition to the fundamental natural rights of man, and
provides guaranties against the invasion of these rights.
</p>

<p>
Gladstone, the eminent statesman, said:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
It (the American Constitution) is the greatest work ever struck off at
any one time by the mind and purpose of man.
</quote>

<p>
An eminent lawyer has said:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
It has been the priceless adjunct of free government, the mighty
shield of the rights and liberties of the citizen. It has been many times
invoked to save him from illegal punishment, and save his property
from the greed of unscrupulous enemies, and to save his political fights
from the unbridled license of victorious political opponents controlling
<pb n='205'/><anchor id='Pg205'/>
legislative bodies; nor does it sleep, except as a sword dedicated to a
righteous cause sleeps in its scabbard.
</quote>

<p>
Horace Binney says:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
What were the States before the Union? The hope of their enemies,
the fear of their friends, and arrested only by the Constitution from
becoming the shame of the world.
</quote>

<p>
Sir Henry Maine gives the following estimate of the Constitution:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
It isn't at all easy to bring home to the men of the present day, how
low the credit of the Republic had sunk before the establishment of the
United States.... Its success has been so great and striking,
that men have almost forgotten, that if the whole, or the known experiments
of mankind in governments be looked at together, there has been
no form of government so successful as the republican.
</quote>

<p>
Justice Mitchell of Pennsylvania, some twenty odd years
ago said:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
A century and a decade has passed since the Constitution of the United
States was adopted. Dynasties have arisen and fallen, boundaries have
extended and shrunken 'till continents seem almost the playthings of
imagination and war; nationalities have been asserted and subdued;
governments built up only to be overthrown, and the kingdoms of the
earth from the Pillars of Hercules to the Yellow Sea have been shaken
to their foundations. Through all this change and obstruction, the
Republic, shortest lived of all forms of government in the prior history
of the world, surviving the perils of foreign and domestic war, has endured
and flourished.
</quote>

<p>
And yet, it is true, <q>and pity 'tis, 'tis true</q>, that in these
days there seems to be a great lack of confidence, nay even a
feeling of contempt existing in the minds and hearts of many
men for this great charter of human liberty. Men born to
the blessings of freedom, men who do not stop to think about
the cost of freedom, men who do not realize that this Nation
is not the child of chance, but that it is the outgrowth of
centuries of tears and blood and sacrifice in the cause of
human freedom&mdash;these men assume an attitude of criticism,
and would, by destroying the Constitution, fly from the
<q>ills we have</q> and open their arms to evils <q>we know not of</q>.
</p>

<p>
And this feeling, this unrest, this spirit of criticism, is not
limited to the ignorant, nor the lowly. Many men and women
of education and culture are prominent in the ranks of those
who raise their voices in reckless condemnation.
</p>

<pb n='206'/><anchor id='Pg206'/>

<p>
What is the source of this widespread feeling?
</p>

<p>
For several years before the World War, we were passing
through a period of readjustment in the political and social
life of the Nation. Many people felt that privilege was too
strongly entrenched in governmental favor. A noble feeling
of sympathy for the weak and the unfortunate created a demand
for social justice. A great political party was thrown
out of power. Out of all this came appeals for legislation,
most of it inspired by the highest motives, but much of it
impractical and visionary, some of it so framed that in providing
a benefit for a certain class, the rights of some other
class were forgotten. Often it became necessary to recall the
provisions of the Constitution, and some times it was used
as a bar to the enactment of measures which were inspired
only by the loftiest motives. Under such circumstances it is
only natural that those intensely interested, seeing only from
one standpoint, not understanding perhaps the far reaching
effect of their favorite measures, should cry out at the limitations
imposed by the Constitution.
</p>

<p>
Then again courts are sometimes compelled, under their
sworn duty to defend the Constitution, to hold that a legislative
enactment is unconstitutional and void, because it violates
some of the principles of that great document, created,
not by courts, not by presidents, but by the people themselves
for their own guidance and protection.
</p>

<p>
But Chief Justice White gives the strongest reason for this
feeling of contempt for the Constitution. He says:
</p>

<quote rend='display'>
There is great danger, it seems to me, to arise, from the constant
habit which prevails where anything is opposed or objected to, of resorting
without rhyme or reason, to the Constitution as a means of preventing
its accomplishment, thus creating the general impression that
the Constitution is but a barrier to progress, instead of being the broad
highway through which alone true progress, may be enjoyed.
</quote>

<p>
Not only is this true, but unfortunately it is also true that
every base murderer who begins to feel the rope tighten
about his neck can find some lawyer who can devise some alleged
<pb n='207'/><anchor id='Pg207'/>
constitutional reason why his client should not hang.
The courts are constantly engaged in defending the Constitution
against these base and unworthy attempts to defeat
justice.
</p>

<p>
Then upon every hand are those who hate authority, who
despise law and order, and who denounce the Constitution because
it stands between them and a realization of their greedy,
vicious purposes.
</p>

<p>
Justice White further says that there is <q>a growing tendency
to suppose that every wrong that exists, despite the
system, and which would be many times worse if the system
did not exist, is attributable to it, and therefore that the
Constitution should be disregarded or over-thrown</q>.
</p>

<p>
The foregoing are some, but not all of the causes which
weaken the faith of the people in the Constitution.
</p>

<p>
Now recognizing that there is in this Nation a lack of respect
for the Constitution, and knowing something of the
causes which underlie this feeling, and realizing that the Constitution
is in very truth the fortress and the glory of our
republic, what is our duty?
</p>

<p>
The duty of every man, woman, and child in America is
to defend the Constitution with his life, if necessary, against
those who condemn and traduce and seek to destroy.
</p>

<p>
But how shall we defend it? Shall we oppose all amendments
of the Constitution? No, by its very terms it is subject
to amendment; but in contemplating its amendment, we
should approach this sacred document in the same reverent
spirit we would have if we were entering upon some holy
shrine. It is the people's Constitution; it is their right to
amend it. Yea, it is their duty to amend it, if upon due deliberation,
the rights of the whole people can be better protected
or enforced.
</p>

<p>
Complaint is sometimes made because of the delay involved
in its amendment; but the provisions of the Constitution requiring
<pb n='208'/><anchor id='Pg208'/>
deliberation were wisely inserted. It was intended
that fundamental principles should not be changed under
the inspiration of sudden passion. It contemplated mature
deliberation. The fathers of the Republic were mindful of
the storms which at times in the history of the world had
swept the people to destruction.<note place='foot'><q>In
truth success cannot be expected from any system of government
unless the individuals who compose the State entertain the respect
for the personal rights and liberties of all.</q>&mdash;David Jayne Hill.</note>
</p>

<p>
Shall we rebuke the people who seek reforms? <emph>Shall we
decry progress or change?</emph> No, we should be the leaders in
all such reforms. We should aid in guiding public sentiment
along channels safe and sound and constitutional. We
should give recognition to the appeals of those who would
lighten the burdens of our brothers who may be heavy laden.
We should aid in convincing the people that the Constitution
is no restraint upon their aspirations for higher and better
things; that it is in truth the guide and inspiration to
better things.
</p>

<p>
Shall we condemn those who through lack of knowledge
do not appreciate the great value of the Constitution? No,
we should teach them. We should lead them. We should
inspire them with love and veneration for this great bulwark
of human freedom.
</p>

<p>
We must in very truth become teachers of all the people.
We must carry to them the light of our knowledge.
We must point
out to them the rocks upon which other republics have been
wrecked.<note place='foot'><q>We cannot,
we must not, we dare not, omit to do that which, in our
judgment, the safety of the Union requires.</q>&mdash;Daniel Webster.</note>
</p>

<p>
We must teach them that in the Constitution we find an
absolute guaranty of protection for life, for liberty, and for
property rights. That there is no man so lowly, that he cannot
point to the Constitution as his shield from the acts of the
tyrant, that he cannot point to his humble home as his
<q>castle</q>, and under the sacred guaranties of the Constitution
defy all the unlawful force of the world.
</p>

<p>
We must teach them that it guarantees the inviolability of
<pb n='209'/><anchor id='Pg209'/>
contracts, that it prevents even a great State from taking the
life or property of its humblest citizen without a trial under
due process of law, that trial by jury is preserved, and that
no man can be convicted of a crime without the privilege of
being represented by counsel, and that no man can be compelled
to be a witness against himself.
</p>

<p>
We must recall to them the awful tragedies enacted in the
days of old, where, under Star Chamber proceedings, men
were deprived of their property and their lives upon charges
of treason, which were never proven; and then we must point
out to them the burning words of the Constitution, which
provides that no man can be found guilty of treason without
at least two witnesses to the overt act.
</p>

<p>
We must impress upon them the great truth, that there
is not now, and never has been, a system of government
which can abolish sorrow, or sickness, or stay the hand of
death. That no government can help men who will not
help themselves; that there is no way in which any government
can bring riches to the indolent, nor bread to those who
will not toil. We must combat the false philosophy which
assumes that all men are equal in all things, because men are
not equal, except as under the Constitution they are equal
before the law. No system of legislation and no method of
government can equalize the strong with the weak, the wise
with the simple, the good with the bad. While God gives to
some men wisdom and shrewdness which others do not possess,
while some are broad shouldered, with muscles of steel,
and others are frail, and tremble as they walk, there will always
be riches, there will always be poverty, and any scheme
for equalizing the possessions of men is but an idle dream
which never can be realized until men are made over into
beings without passion or pride or ambition or selfishness.
Do not let them feel that its provisions are intended to protect
only the rich and powerful. If the right of a railway
<pb n='210'/><anchor id='Pg210'/>
corporation to certain lands is sustained under some constitutional
provision, do not allow the people to assume that this
provision exists only for corporations, but impress upon them
that the same constitutional provision which protects the railway
company in its rights, may be invoked in defense of the
little homestead out upon the prairies.
</p>

<p>
If some desperado should be acquitted because he invoked
the constitutional requirement that he upon his trial must be
confronted by the witnesses against him, remind those who
criticise that this same provision is made for their sons who
may to-morrow be unjustly charged with a crime; impress
upon them that it is impossible to have one law for the
guilty, and another for the innocent; and that under our
Constitution, every man is presumed to be innocent until
proven to be guilty.
</p>

<p>
Then impress upon the people something of the wonderful
growth of the Nation, the development of the Nation, and
the progress of the Nation&mdash;all under the wise protection of
the Constitution. To those who may be discouraged in the
battle of life, and who may attribute their failure to the injustice
of social conditions, point out what other men have
done under the same conditions, with no better opportunity,
and ask them to ponder the question as to whether their failure
is not to be attributed largely to their own lack of energy
and determination.<note place='foot'><q>Americanization
always implies obligation; free choice determines
its acceptance, and its extension must come through avenues of
intelligent comprehension rather than through physical or governmental
domination.</q>&mdash;Winthrop Talbot.</note>
</p>

<p>
And if they point out abuses which do exist, ask them to
aid in eliminating these abuses. If half the energy which
is exerted by earnest, but misguided people, in efforts to tear
down our form of government, were honestly applied in an
effort to remedy existing evils in a constitutional way, these
people would show that they were patriots, and at the same
time they would accomplish something for their country and
their fellowmen.<note place='foot'><p><q>The fundamental
evil in this country is the lack of sufficiently
general appreciation of the responsibility of citizenship.</q>&mdash;Theodore
Roosevelt.
</p>
<p>
Teachers of children may well place greater emphasis on <emph>ideals</emph>,
<emph>character</emph>, and <emph>personality</emph> as factors in the making of a Nation. Teachers
ought to lay greater stress on biography in the teaching of history, civics,
and citizenship. Teach children both to know and to love Washington,
Lincoln, and Roosevelt. Teach older pupils and students to realize that
the aims, ideals, and achievements of a Nation can never be higher than
the aims, ideals, and achievements of the individuals comprising that
Nation. To know the lives and characters of America's great men and
women is to know American history, for they made American history
what it is. Young people enjoy the study of great characters. We all
retain a love for heroes and heroines however old we grow. Such study
adds color and life to history and government and humanizes the entire
subject. Teach lives and institutions rather than mere facts. Inculcate
into the lives of boys and girls, and of men and women, a love for our
country, for the men and women who made it, and for the institutions in
which they have a part. Teach them that patriotism and loyalty are
not duties only, but are rather the highest privileges given to the people
of a republic.</p></note>
</p>

<p>
<emph>Too long have we been silent</emph> while the enemies of our
<pb n='211'/><anchor id='Pg211'/>
country have poisoned the minds of youth, yea, and of manhood
and womanhood, with the gospel of treason.
</p>

<p>
Those who despise and condemn the Constitution have in
the past ten years had more earnest students of their vicious
doctrines than have those who uphold the Constitution and
prize their liberties which the Constitution guards and protects.
</p>

<p>
All over the land earnest men and women are endeavoring
to teach the great truth of Americanism, and with substantial
success; but those who understand human nature realize that
the faith of our fathers can only be firmly established by
lighting the fires of patriotism and loyalty in the hearts of
our children. Through them the great truths of our National
life can be brought into the homes of the land.
</p>

<p>
And the Nation will never be safe until the Constitution
is carried into the homes, until at every fireside young and
old shall feel a new sense of security in the guaranties which
are found in this great charter of human liberty, and a new
feeling of gratitude for the blessings which it assures to this,
and to all future generations.
</p>

</div>

<pb n='213'/><anchor id='Pg213'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>Declaration Of Independence</head>

<p>
When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one
people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with
another, and to assume among the Powers of the earth, the separate
and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's God
entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that
they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.
</p>

<p>
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal,
that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights,
that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. That
to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving
their just powers from the consent of the governed. That whenever any
form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right
of the People to alter or abolish it, and to institute new Government,
laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such
form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.
Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established
should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all
experience hath shown, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while
evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to
which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations,
pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them
under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off
such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security.&mdash;Such
has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is now
the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of
Government. The history of the present King of Great Britain is a
history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object
the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States. To prove
this, let Facts be submitted to a candid world.
</p>

<p>
He has refused his Assent to Laws, the most wholesome and necessary
for the public good.
</p>

<p>
He has forbidden his Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing
importance, unless suspended in their operation till his Assent should
be obtained; and when so suspended, he has utterly neglected to attend
to them.
</p>

<p>
He has refused to pass other Laws for the accommodation of large
districts of people, unless those people would relinquish the right of Representation
in the Legislature, a right inestimable to them and formidable
to tyrants only.
</p>

<p>
He has called together legislative bodies at places unusual, uncomfortable,
and distant from the depository of their Public Records, for
the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with his measures.
</p>

<p>
He has dissolved Representative Houses repeatedly, for opposing with
manly firmness his invasion on the rights of the people.
</p>

<p>
He has refused for a long time, after such dissolutions, to cause others
to be elected; whereby the Legislative Powers, incapable of Annihilation,
have returned to the People at large for their exercise; the State remaining
<pb n='214'/><anchor id='Pg214'/>
in the mean time exposed to all the dangers of invasion from without,
and convulsions within.
</p>

<p>
He has endeavoured to prevent the population of these States; for that
purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners; refusing
to pass others to encourage their migration hither, and raising the
conditions of new Appropriations of Lands.
</p>

<p>
He has obstructed the Administration of Justice, by refusing his
Assent to Laws for establishing Judiciary Powers.
</p>

<p>
He has made Judges dependent on his Will alone, for the tenure of
their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries.
</p>

<p>
He has erected a multitude of New Offices, and sent hither swarms of
officers to harass our People, and eat out their substance.
</p>

<p>
He has kept among us, in times of peace, Standing Armies without
the Consent of our legislature.
</p>

<p>
He has affected to render the Military independent of and superior
to the Civil Power.
</p>

<p>
He has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to
our constitution, and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his Assent to
their Acts of pretended Legislation:
</p>

<p>
For quartering large bodies of armed troops among us:
</p>

<p>
For protecting them, by a mock Trial, from Punishment for any Murders
which they should commit on the Inhabitants of these States:
</p>

<p>
For cutting off our Trade with all parts of the world:
</p>

<p>
For imposing taxes on us without our Consent:
</p>

<p>
For depriving us in many cases, of the benefits of Trial by Jury:
</p>

<p>
For transporting us beyond Seas to be tried for pretended offences:
</p>

<p>
For abolishing the free System of English Laws in a neighbouring
Province, establishing therein an Arbitrary government, and enlarging its
Boundaries so as to render it at once an example and fit instrument for
introducing the same absolute rule into these Colonies.
</p>

<p>
For taking away our Charters, abolishing our most valuable Laws,
and altering fundamentally the Forms of our Government:
</p>

<p>
For suspending our own Legislatures, and declaring themselves invested
with Power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever.
</p>

<p>
He has abdicated Government here, by declaring us out of his Protection
and waging War against us.
</p>

<p>
He has plundered our seas, ravaged our Coasts, burnt our towns, and
destroyed the lives of our people.
</p>

<p>
He is at this time transporting large armies of foreign mercenaries to
compleat the works of death, desolation and tyranny, already begun with
circumstances of Cruelty &amp; perfidy scarcely parallel in the most barbarous
ages, and totally unworthy the Head of a civilized nation.
</p>

<p>
He has constrained our fellow Citizens taken Captive on the high
Seas to bear Arms against their Country, to become the executioners of
their friends and Brethren, or to fall themselves by their Hands.
</p>

<p>
He has excited domestic insurrections amongst us, and has endeavoured
to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers, the merciless Indian Savages,
whose known rule of warfare, is an undistinguished destruction of
all ages, sexes and conditions.
</p>

<p>
In every stage of these Oppressions We have Petitioned for Redress
in the most humble terms: Our repeated Petitions have been answered
only by repeated injury. A Prince, whose character is thus marked by
every act which may define a Tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a
free People.
</p>

<pb n='215'/><anchor id='Pg215'/>

<p>
Nor have We been wanting in attention to our British brethren. We
have warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature to
extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us. We have reminded them
of the circumstances of our emigration and settlement here. We have
appealed to their native justice and magnanimity, and we have conjured
them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow these
usurpations, which would inevitably interrupt our connections and correspondence.
They too have been deaf to the voice of justice and of consanguinity.
We must, therefore, acquiesce in the necessity, which denounces
our Separation, and hold them, as we hold the rest of mankind,
Enemies in War, in Peace Friends.
</p>

<p>
We, therefore, the Representatives of the united States of America, in
General Congress, Assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the
world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the Name, and by
Authority of the good People of these Colonies, solemnly publish and
declare, That these United Colonies are, and of Right ought to be Free
and Independent States; that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to
the British Crown, and that all political connection between them and
the State of Great Britain, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that
as Free and Independent States, they have full Power to levy War,
conclude Peace, contract Alliances, establish Commerce, and to do all
other Acts and Things which Independent States may of right do. And
for the support of this Declaration, with a firm reliance on the Protection
of Divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives,
our Fortunes and our sacred Honor.
</p>

</div>

<pb n='217'/><anchor id='Pg217'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>Constitution Of The United States</head>

<p>
We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect
Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the
common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings
of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this
CONSTITUTION for the United States of America.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE I.
</p>

<p>
Section 1. All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a
Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and
House of Representatives.
</p>

<p>
Section 2. The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members
chosen every second Year by the People of the several States, and
the Electors in each State shall have the Qualification requisite for
Electors of the most numerous Branch of the State Legislature.
</p>

<p>
No Person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to
the Age of twenty-five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of the
United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that
State in which he shall be chosen.
</p>

<p>
Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the
several States which may be included within this Union, according to
their respective Numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the
whole Number of free Persons, including those bound to Service for a
Term of Years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three-fifths of all
other Persons. The actual Enumeration shall be made within three
Years after the first meeting of the Congress of the United States, and
within every subsequent Term of ten Years, in such Manner as they
shall by Law direct. The Number of Representatives shall not exceed
one for every thirty Thousand, but each State shall have at Least one
Representative; and until such enumeration shall be made, the State of
New Hampshire shall be entitled to chuse three, Massachusetts eight,
Rhode Island and Providence Plantations one, Connecticut five, New
York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland
six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five, and
Georgia three.
</p>

<p>
When vacancies happen in the Representation from any State, the
Executive Authority thereof shall issue Writs of Election, to fill such
Vacancies.
</p>

<p>
The House of Representatives shall chuse their Speaker and other
Officers; and shall have the sole Power of Impeachment.
</p>

<p>
Section 3. The Senate of the United States shall be composed
of two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislatures thereof,
for six Years; and each Senator shall have one Vote.
</p>

<p>
Immediately after they shall be assembled in Consequence of the first
Election, they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes.
The Seats of the Senators of the first Class shall be vacated at the
Expiration of the second Year, of the second Class at the Expiration of the
fourth Year, and of the third Class at the Expiration of the sixth Year,
so that one-third may be chosen every second Year; and if Vacancies
happen by Resignation, or otherwise, during the Recess of the Legislature
<pb n='218'/><anchor id='Pg218'/>
of any State, the Executive thereof may make temporary Appointments
(until the next Meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill
such Vacancies).
</p>

<p>
No Person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age
of thirty Years, and been nine Years a Citizen of the United States,
and who shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State for
which he shall be chosen.
</p>

<p>
The Vice President of the United States shall be President of the
Senate, but shall have no Vote, unless they be equally divided.
</p>

<p>
The Senate shall chuse their other Officers, and also a President pro
tempore, in the absence of the Vice President, or when he shall exercise
the Office of President of the United States.
</p>

<p>
The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When
sitting for that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When
the President of the United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside:
And no Person shall be convicted without the Concurrence of two-thirds
of the Members present.
</p>

<p>
Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to
removal from Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office
of honor, Trust or Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted
shall nevertheless be liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment
and Punishment, according to Law.
</p>

<p>
Section 4. The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for
Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the
Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or
alter such Regulations, except as to the Places of chusing Senators.
</p>

<p>
The Congress shall assemble at least once in every Year, and such
Meeting shall be on the first Monday in December, unless they shall by
Law appoint a different Day.
</p>

<p>
Section 5. Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns
and Qualifications of its own Members, and a Majority of each shall
constitute a Quorum to do Business; but a smaller Number may adjourn
from day to day, and may be authorized to compel the Attendance of
absent Members, in such Manner, and under such Penalties as each
House may provide.
</p>

<p>
Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its
Members for disorderly Behavior, and, with the Concurrence of two-thirds,
expel a Member.
</p>

<p>
Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time
to time publish the same, excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment
require Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either
House on any question shall, at the Desire of one-fifth of those Present,
be entered on the Journal.
</p>

<p>
Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the
Consent of the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any
other Place than that in which the two Houses shall be sitting.
</p>

<p>
Section 6. The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation
for their Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of
the Treasury of the United States. They shall in all Cases, except
Treason, Felony and Breach of the Peace, be privileged from Arrest
during their Attendance at the Session of their respective Houses, and
in going to and returning from the same; and for any Speech or
Debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other Place.
</p>

<p>
No Senator or Representative shall, during the Time for which he
<pb n='219'/><anchor id='Pg219'/>
was elected, be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the
United States, which shall have been created, or the Emoluments whereof
shall have been increased during such time; and no Person holding any
Office under the United States, shall be a Member of either House during
his Continuance in Office.
</p>

<p>
Section 7. All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House
of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments
as on other Bills.
</p>

<p>
Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and
the Senate, shall, before it become a Law, be presented to the President
of the United States. If he approve he shall sign it, but if not, he shall
return it, with his Objections to that House in which it shall have
originated, who shall enter the Objections at large on their Journal, and
proceed to reconsider it. If after such Reconsideration two thirds of
that House shall agree to pass the Bill, it shall be sent, together
with the Objections, to the other House, by which it shall likewise be
reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that House, it shall become
a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be
determined by Yeas and Nays, and the Names of the Persons voting for
and against the Bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House
respectively. If any Bill shall not be returned by the President within ten
Days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the
Same shall be a Law, in like Manner as if he had signed it, unless the
Congress by their Adjournment prevent its Return, in which Case it
shall not be a Law.
</p>

<p>
Every Order, Resolution, or Vote to which the Concurrence of the
Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary (except on a
question of Adjournment) shall be presented to the President of the
United States; and before the Same shall take Effect, shall be approved
by him, or being disapproved by him, shall be repassed by two thirds of
the Senate and House of Representatives, according to the Rules and
Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill.
</p>

<p>
Section 8. The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes,
Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common
Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties,
Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;
</p>

<p>
To borrow money on the credit of the United States;
</p>

<p>
To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the Several
States, and with the Indian Tribes;
</p>

<p>
To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws
on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;
</p>

<p>
To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and
fix the Standard of Weights and Measures;
</p>

<p>
To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and
current Coin of the United States;
</p>

<p>
To establish Post Offices and post Roads;
</p>

<p>
To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for
limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their
respective Writings and Discoveries;
</p>

<p>
To constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court;
</p>

<p>
To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high
Seas and Offences against the Law of Nations;
</p>

<p>
To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make
Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water;
</p>

<pb n='220'/><anchor id='Pg220'/>

<p>
To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that
Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years;
</p>

<p>
To provide and maintain a Navy;
</p>

<p>
To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land
and naval Forces;
</p>

<p>
To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the
Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions;
</p>

<p>
To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the Militia, and
for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service
of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment
of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according
to the discipline prescribed by Congress;
</p>

<p>
To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such
District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular
States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of
the Government of the United States, and to exercise like Authority
over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the
State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines,
Arsenals, Dock-Yards and other needful Buildings;&mdash;And
</p>

<p>
To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying
into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested
by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any
Department or Officer thereof.
</p>

<p>
Section 9. The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of
the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited
by the Congress prior to the Year one thousand eight hundred
and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed on such Importation, not
exceeding ten dollars for each Person.
</p>

<p>
The Privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended,
unless when in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may
require it.
</p>

<p>
No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed.
</p>

<p>
No Capitation, or other direct Tax shall be laid, unless in Proportion to
the Census or Enumeration herein before directed to be taken.
</p>

<p>
No tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from any State.
</p>

<p>
No Preference shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce or
Revenue to the Ports of one State over those of another; nor shall Vessels
bound to, or from, one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay Duties
in another.
</p>

<p>
No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of
Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account
of the Receipts and Expenditures of all Public Money shall be published
from time to time.
</p>

<p>
No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no
Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without
the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office,
or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or Foreign State.
</p>

<p>
Section 10. No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation;
grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit
Bills of Credit; make anything but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment
of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, ex post facto law, or Law impairing
the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any Title of Nobility.
</p>

<p>
No State shall, without the Consent of the Congress, lay any Imposts
or Duties on Imports or Exports, except what may be absolutely necessary
<pb n='221'/><anchor id='Pg221'/>
for executing its inspection. Laws: and the net Produce of all
Duties and Imposts, laid by any State on Imports or Exports, shall be for
the Use of the Treasury of the United States; and all of such Laws
shall be subject to the Revision and Control of the Congress.
</p>

<p>
No State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any duty of Tonnage,
keep Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into any
Agreement or Compact with another State, or with a foreign Power, or
engage in War, unless actually invaded, or in such imminent Danger as
will not admit of Delay.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE II.
</p>

<p>
The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United
States of America. He shall hold his Office during the Term of Four
Years, and, together with the Vice President, chosen for the same Term,
be elected, as follows
</p>

<p>
Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature thereof
may direct, a Number of Electors, equal to the whole Number of Senators
and Representatives to which the State may be entitled in the
Congress: but no Senator or Representative, or person holding an Office
of Trust or Profit under the United States, shall be appointed as Elector.
</p>

<p>
The Electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by Ballot
for two persons, of whom one at least shall not be an Inhabitant of the
same State with themselves. And they shall make a List of all the
Persons voted for, and of the Number of Votes for each; which List they
shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government
of the United States, directed to the President of the Senate. The President
of the Senate shall, in the Presence of the Senate and House of
Representatives, open all the Certificates, and the Votes shall then be
counted. The Person having the greatest Number of Votes shall be the
President, if such Number be a Majority of the whole Number of Electors
appointed; and if there be more than one who have such Majority, and
have an equal Number of Votes, then the House of Representatives shall
immediately chuse by Ballot one of them for President; and if no Person
have a Majority, then from the five highest on the List the said House
shall in like Manner chuse the President. But in chusing the President,
the Votes shall be taken by States, the Representation from each State
having one Vote; A quorum for this Purpose shall consist of a Member
or Members from two-thirds of the States, and a Majority of all the States
shall be necessary to a Choice. In every Case, After the Choice of the
President, the Person having the greatest number of Votes of the Electors
shall be the Vice President. But if there should remain two or
more who have equal Votes, the Senate shall chuse from them by Ballot
the Vice President.
</p>

<p>
The Congress may determine the Time of chusing the Electors, and the
Day on which they shall give their Votes; which Day shall be the same
throughout the United States.
</p>

<p>
No person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United
States, at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible
to the Office of President; neither shall any Person be eligible to that
Office who shall not have attained the age of thirty-five years, and been
fourteen Years a Resident within the United States.
</p>

<p>
In Case of the Removal of the President from Office, or of his Death,
Resignation or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of said
Office, the Same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress
may by Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignations, or
<pb n='222'/><anchor id='Pg222'/>
Inability, both of the President and Vice President, declaring what Officer
shall then act as President, and such Officer shall act accordingly, until
the Disability be removed, or a President shall be elected.
</p>

<p>
The President shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation,
which shall neither be increased nor diminished during the
Period for which he shall have been elected, and he shall not receive
within that Period any other Emolument from the United States, or any
of them.
</p>

<p>
Before he enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall take the following
Oath or Affirmation:&mdash;<q>I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I
will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States, and
will to the best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution
of the United States.</q>
</p>

<p>
Section 2. The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army
and Navy of the United States, and of the Militia of the several States,
when called into the actual Service of the United States; he may require
the Opinion, in writing, of the principal Officer in each of the
executive Departments, upon any Subject relating to the Duties of their
respective Offices, and he shall have Power to grant Reprieves and
Pardons for Offences against the United States, except in Cases of Impeachment.
</p>

<p>
He shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the
Senate, to make Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present
concur; and he shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent
of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and
Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, and all other Officers of the
United States, whose Appointments are not herein otherwise provided
for, and which shall be established by Law: but the Congress may by
Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think proper,
in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of Departments.
</p>

<p>
The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may
happen during the recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which
shall expire at the End of their next Session.
</p>

<p>
Section 3. He shall from time to time give to the Congress Information
of the state of the Union, and recommend to their Consideration such
Measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient; he may, on extraordinary
Occasions, convene both Houses, or either of them, and in Case
of Disagreement between them, with Respect to the Time of Adjournment,
he may adjourn them to such Time as he shall think proper;
he shall receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers; he shall take
Care that the Laws be faithfully executed, and shall Commission all the
Officers of the United States.
</p>

<p>
Section 4. The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the
United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and
Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE III.
</p>

<p>
Section 1. The judicial Power of the United States shall be vested in
one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may
from time to time ordain and establish. The Judges, both of the
supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour,
and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Services, a Compensation
<pb n='223'/><anchor id='Pg223'/>
which shall not be diminished during their Continuance in
Office.
</p>

<p>
Section 2. The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and
Equity, arising under this Constitution, the Laws of the United States,
and Treaties made, or which shall be made, under their Authority;&mdash;to
all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls;&mdash;to
all Cases of admiralty and maritime Jurisdiction;&mdash;to Controversies
to which the United States, shall be a party;&mdash;to Controversies
between two or more States;&mdash;between a State and Citizens of another
State;&mdash;between Citizens of different States;&mdash;between Citizens of the
same State claiming Lands under Grants of different States, and between
a State, or the Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens or Subjects.
</p>

<p>
In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls,
and those in which a State shall be a Party, the supreme Court shall
have original Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before mentioned,
the supreme Court shall have appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law
and Fact, with such Exceptions, and under such Regulations as the
Congress shall make.
</p>

<p>
The trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by
Jury, and such Trial shall be held in the State where the said Crimes
shall have been committed; but when not committed within any State,
the Trial shall be at such Place or Places as the Congress may by Law
have directed.
</p>

<p>
Section 3. Treason against the United States, shall consist only in
levying War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them
Aid and Comfort. No person shall be convicted of Treason unless on
the Testimony of two Witnesses to the same overt Act, or on Confession
in open Court.
</p>

<p>
The Congress shall have power to declare the Punishment of Treason,
but no Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture
except during the Life of the Person attainted.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE IV.
</p>

<p>
Section 1. Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the
public Acts, Records and judicial Proceedings of every other State. And
the Congress may by general Laws prescribe the Manner in which such
Acts, Records and Proceedings shall be proved, and the Effect thereon.
</p>

<p>
Section 2. The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges
and Immunities of Citizens in the several States.
</p>

<p>
A Person charged in any State with Treason, Felony, or other Crime,
who shall flee from Justice, and be found in another State, shall on
demand of the executive Authority of the State from which he fled, be
delivered up, to be removed to the State having Jurisdiction of the Crime.
</p>

<p>
No Person held to Service or Labour in one State, under the Laws
thereof, escaping into another, shall, in Consequence of any Law or
Regulation therein, be discharged from such service or Labour, but
shall be delivered up on Claim of the Party to whom such Service or
Labour may be due.
</p>

<p>
Section 8. New States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union; but no new State shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction
of any other State; nor any State be formed by the Junction of two
or more States, or parts of States, without the Consent of the Legislatures
of the States concerned as well as of the Congress.
</p>

<pb n='224'/><anchor id='Pg224'/>

<p>
The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful
Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other property belonging
to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so
construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any
particular State.
</p>

<p>
Section 4. The United States shall guarantee to every State in this
Union a Republican Form of Government, and shall protect each of
them against invasion; and on Application of the Legislature, or of the
Executive (when the Legislature cannot be convened) against domestic
Violence.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE V.
</p>

<p>
The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary,
shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application
of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a
Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be
valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when
ratified by the Legislatures of three-fourths of the several States, or by
Conventions in three-fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of
Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment
which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred
and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the
Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent,
shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE VI.
</p>

<p>
All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before the Adoption
of this Constitution, shall be as valid against the United States
under this Constitution, as under the Confederation.
</p>

<p>
This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be
made in Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be
made, under the Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme
Law of the Land; and the Judges in every State shall be bound thereby,
any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary
notwithstanding.
</p>

<p>
The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members
of the several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial
Officers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be
bound by Oath or Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious
Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public
Trust under the United States.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE VII.
</p>

<p>
The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States shall be sufficient
for the Establishment of this Constitution between the States so ratifying
the Same.
</p>

<p>
DONE in Convention by the Unanimous Consent of the States present
the Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand
seven hundred and Eighty seven, and of the Independence of the United
States of America the Twelfth. In Witness whereof We have hereunto
subscribed our Names,
</p>

<p>
Go. Washington
</p>

<p>
Presidt. and Deputy from Virginia
</p>

</div>

<pb n='225'/><anchor id='Pg225'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>Articles In Addition To, And Amendment Of The Constitution Of
The United States Of America, Proposed By Congress, And Ratified
By The Legislatures Of The Several States Pursuant To The Fifth
Article Of The Original Constitution</head>

<p>
ARTICLE I.
</p>

<p>
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech,
or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to
petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE II.
</p>

<p>
A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free
State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE III.
</p>

<p>
No Soldier shall, in time of peace, be quartered in any house, without
the consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be
prescribed by law.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE IV.
</p>

<p>
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers,
and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be
violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported
by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to
be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE V.
</p>

<p>
No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous
crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury,
except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia,
when in actual service in time of War or public danger; nor shall any
person be subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of
life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness
against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without
due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use,
without just compensation.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE VI.
</p>

<p>
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a
speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury, of the State and district
wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have
been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature
and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against
him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor,
and to have the Assistance of Counsel for his defence.
</p>

<pb n='226'/><anchor id='Pg226'/>

<p>
ARTICLE VII.
</p>

<p>
In suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed
twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no
fact tried by a jury shall be otherwise re-examined in any Court of the
United States, than according to the rules of the common law.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE VIII.
</p>

<p>
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor
cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE IX.
</p>

<p>
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be
construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE X.
</p>

<p>
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution,
nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE XI.
</p>

<p>
The Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to
extend to any suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against
one of the United States by Citizens of another State, or by Citizens or
Subjects of any Foreign State.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE XII.
</p>

<p>
The Electors shall meet in their respective states and vote by ballot
for President and Vice-President, one of whom, at least, shall not be
an inhabitant of the same state with themselves; they shall name in
their ballots the person voted for as President, and in distinct ballots
the person voted for as Vice-President, and they shall make distinct
lists of all persons voted for as President, and of all persons voted for
as Vice-President, and of the number of votes for each, which lists they
shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to the seat of the government
of the United States, directed to the President of the Senate;&mdash;The
President of the Senate shall, in presence of the Senate and House of
Representatives, open all the certificates and the votes shall then be
counted;&mdash;The person having the greatest number of votes for President,
shall be the President, if such number be a majority of the whole number
of Electors appointed; and if no person have such majority, then from
the persons having the highest numbers not exceeding three on the list
of those voted for as President, the House of Representatives shall choose
immediately, by ballot, the President. But in choosing the President,
the votes shall be taken by states, the representation from each state
having one vote; a quorum for this purpose shall consist of a member
or members from two-thirds of the states, and a majority of all the states
shall be necessary to a choice. And if the House of Representatives
shall not choose a President whenever the right of choice shall devolve
upon them, before the fourth day of March next following, then the
<pb n='227'/><anchor id='Pg227'/>
Vice-President shall act as President, as in the case of the death or other
constitutional disability of the President.&mdash;The person having the greatest
number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the Vice-President, if
such number be a majority of the whole number of Electors appointed,
and if no person have a majority, then from the two highest numbers on
the list, the Senate shall choose the Vice-President; a quorum for the
purpose shall consist of two-thirds of the whole number of Senators, and
a majority of the whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But
no person constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall be
eligible to that of Vice-President of the United States.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE XIII.
</p>

<p>
Section 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment
for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted,
shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.
</p>

<p>
Section 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
legislation.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE XIV.
</p>

<p>
Section 1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and
subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and
of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any
law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the
United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty,
or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.
</p>

<p>
Section 2. Representatives shall be apportioned among the several
States according to their respective numbers, counting the whole number
of persons in each State, excluding Indians not taxed. But when the
right to vote at any election for the choice of electors for President and
Vice-President of the United States, Representatives in Congress, the
Executive and Judicial officers of a State, or the members of the Legislature
thereof, is denied to any of the male inhabitants of such State,
being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the United States, or in
any way abridged, except for participation in rebellion, or other crime,
the basis of representation therein shall be reduced in the proportion
which the number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole number
of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State.
</p>

<p>
Section 3. No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress,
or elector of President and Vice-President, or hold any office,
civil or military, under the United States, or under any State, who, having
previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or as an officer
of the United States, or as a member of any State Legislature, or as an
executive or judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution of
the United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against
the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove such disability.
</p>

<p>
Section 4. The validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized
by law, including debts incurred for payment of pensions and
bounties for services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not
be questioned. But neither the United States nor any other State shall
<pb n='228'/><anchor id='Pg228'/>
assume to pay any debt or obligation incurred in
aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or any
claim for the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts,
obligations and claims shall be held illegal and void.
</p>

<p>
Section 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce, by appropriate
legislation, the provisions of this article.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE XV
</p>

<p>
Section 1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall
not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on
account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
</p>

<p>
Section 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article
by appropriate legislation.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE XVI
</p>

<p>
The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes,
from whatever source derived, without apportionment among
the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE XVII
</p>

<p>
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators
from each State, elected by the people thereof, for six years;
and each Senator shall have one vote. The electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the State legislatures.
</p>

<p>
When vacancies happen in the representation of any State in the
Senate, the executive authority of such State shall issue writs of
election to fill such vacancies: Provided, That the legislature of any
State may empower the executive thereof to make temporary appointment
until the people fill the vacancies by election as the legislature
may direct.
</p>

<p>
This amendment shall not be so construed as to affect the election
or term of any Senator chosen before it becomes valid as part
of the Constitution.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE XVIII
</p>

<p>
Section 1. After one year from the ratification of this article the
manufacture, sale, or transportation of intoxicating liquors within,
the importation thereof into, or the exportation thereof from the
United States and all territory subject to the jurisdiction thereof
for beverages purposes is hereby prohibited.
</p>

<p>
Section 2. The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent
power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.
</p>

<p>
Section 3. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have
been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures
of the several States, as provided in the Constitution, within
seven years from the date of the submission hereof to the States by
the Congress.
</p>

<p>
ARTICLE XIX
</p>

<p>
The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be
denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account
of sex.
</p>

<p>
Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
legislation.
</p>

</div>

</body>
<back rend="page-break-before: right">
  <div id="footnotes">
    <index index="toc" />
    <index index="pdf" />
    <head>Footnotes</head>
    <divGen type="footnotes"/>
  </div>
  <div rend="page-break-before: right">
    <divGen type="pgfooter" />
  </div>
</back>
</text>
</TEI.2>
